1	1	"Drag on a Dime"	February 2, 2009
Description: Nine drag queens enter the workroom. For the first mini-challenge, the queens will do a sexy car wash photo shoot. For the main challenge, the queens will design an outfit made from items from the thrift store. On the runway, Nina Flowers and Ongina receive positive critiques, with Nina Flowers winning the challenge. Akashia, Rebecca Glasscock and Victoria "Porkchop" Parker receive negative critiques, with Rebecca Glasscock being safe. Akashia and Victoria "Porkchop" Parker lip-sync to "Supermodel (You Better Work)" by RuPaul. Akashia wins the lip-sync and Victoria "Porkchop" Parker is the first queen to sashay away.
Guest Judges: Bob Mackie and Mike Ruiz
Mini-Challenge: Sexy car wash photo shoot
Main Challenge: Design an outfit made from items from the thrift store
Challenge Winner: Nina Flowers
Challenge Prize: A stay at Paris Hotel in Las Vegas
Bottom Two: Akashia and Victoria "Porkchop" Parker
Lip-Sync Song: "Supermodel (You Better Work)" by RuPaul
Eliminated: Victoria "Porkchop" Parker

2	2	"Girl Groups"	February 9, 2009
Description: For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will act out certain emotions. Akashia and Ongina win the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will do a Destiny's Child girl group battle.Team "Say My Name" - Nina Flowers, Ongina, Rebecca Glasscock and Shannel Team "Independent Women Part I" - Akashia, BeBe Zahara Benet, Jade and Tammie Brown On the runway, Team "Say My Name" is the winning team, with Ongina winning the challenge. Team "Independent Women" is the losing team, with Akashia and Tammie Brown being announced as the bottom two. They lip-sync to "We Break the Dawn" by Michelle Williams. Akashia wins the lip-sync and Tammie Brown sashays away.
Guest Judges: Frank Gatson and Michelle Williams
Mini-Challenge: Act out certain emotions
Mini-Challenge Winners: Akashia and Ongina
Main Challenge: Destiny's Child girl group battle
Challenge Winner: Ongina
Challenge Prize: A basket of chocolates courtesy of Karma and Vojeur Chocolate
Bottom Two: Akashia and Tammie Brown
Lip-Sync Song: "We Break the Dawn" by Michelle Williams
Eliminated: Tammie Brown

3	3	"Queens of All Media"	February 16, 2009
Description: For this week's main challenge, the queens will channel Oprah Winfrey in various television personality roles. The first role was a newscaster challenge where the queens had to read mock news stories from a teleprompter. The second role was to try and sell products. The final role was to interview Tori Spelling and Dean McDermott. On the runway, category is Dress to Impress. BeBe Zahara Benet, Nina Flowers and Ongina receive positive critiques, with BeBe Zahara Benet winning the challenge. Akashia, Jade and Shannel receive negative critiques, with Jade being safe. Akashia and Shannel lip-sync to "The Greatest Love of All" by Whitney Houston. Shannel wins the lip-sync and Akashia sashays away.
Guest Judges: Howard Bragman and Debra Wilson
Main Challenge: Channel Oprah Winfrey in various television personality roles
Runway Theme: Dress to Impress
Challenge Winner: BeBe Zahara Benet
Challenge Prize: A Sonos stereo sound system
Bottom Two: Akashia and Shannel
Lip-Sync Song: "The Greatest Love of All" by Whitney Houston
Eliminated: Akashia

4	4	"Mac-Viva Glam"	February 23, 2009
Description: For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will pair up and give their partner a 30 minute makeover. Jade wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will write and film a Mac-Viva Glam commercial.On the runway, BeBe Zahara Benet, Nina Flowers and Ongina receive positive critiques, with Ongina winning the challenge. Jade, Rebecca Glasscock and Shannel receive negative critiques, with Shannel being safe. Jade and Rebecca Glasscock lip-sync to "Would I Lie To You?" by The Eurythmics. Rebecca Glasscock wins the lip-sync and Jade sashays away.
Guest Judges: Gordon Espinet and Jenny Shimizu
Mini-Challenge: Give your partner a 30 minute makeover
Mini-Challenge Winner: Jade
Main Challenge: Write and film a Mac-Viva Glam commercial
Challenge Winner: Ongina
Challenge Prize: Mac-Viva Glam ambassadorship
Bottom Two: Jade and Rebecca Glasscock
Lip-Sync Song: "Would I Lie To You?" by The Eurythmics
Eliminated: Jade

5	5	"Drag School of Charm"	March 2, 2009
Description: For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will try to outlast their opponents in an endurance challenge. Rebecca Glasscock wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will makeover a female fighter. On the runway, Rebecca Glasscock and Shannel receive positive critiques, with Rebecca Glasscock winning the challenge. BeBe Zahara Benet, Nina Flowers and Ongina receive negative critiques, with Nina Flowers being safe. BeBe Zahara Benet and Ongina lip-sync to "Stronger" by Britney Spears. BeBe Zahara Benet wins the lip-sync and Ongina sashays away.
Guest Judges: Lucy Lawless and Robin Antin
Mini-Challenge: Outlast your opponents in an endurance challenge
Mini-Challenge Winner: Rebecca Glasscock
Main Challenge: Makeover a female fighter
Challenge Winner: Rebecca Glasscock
Challenge Prize: Gift baskets from Curlisto worth $1,000
Bottom Two: BeBe Zahara Benet and Ongina
Lip-Sync Song: "Stronger" by Britney Spears
Eliminated: Ongina

6	6	"The Absolut Ball"	March 9, 2009
Description: For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will compete in a vogue battle. Nina Flowers wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will create three looks for The Absolut Drag Ball: Swimsuit, Executive Realness and Evening Wear. The flavors the queens were assigned for their outfit inspirations were as follows: BeBe Zahara Benet - Raspberry / Nina Flowers - Mango Rebecca Glasscock - Citron Shannel - Mandarin On the runway, BeBe Zahara Benet and Nina Flowers receive positive critiques, with BeBe Zahara Benet winning the challenge. Rebecca Glasscock and Shannel receive negative critiques, and are announced as the bottom two. They lip-sync to "Shackles (Praise You)" by Mary Mary. Rebecca Glasscock wins the lip-sync and Shannel sashays away.
Guest Judges: Jeffrey Moran and María Conchita Alonso
Mini-Challenge: Vogue battle
Mini-Challenge Winner: Nina Flowers
Main Challenge: The Absolut Drag Ball
Runway Themes: Swimsuit, Executive Realness and Evening Wear
Challenge Winner: BeBe Zahara Benet
Challenge Prize: A custom dress from Miami Elite Design
Bottom Two: Rebecca Glasscock and Shannel
Lip-Sync Song: "Shackles (Praise You)" by Mary Mary
Eliminated: Shannel

7	7	"Extra Special Edition"	March 16, 2009
Description: RuPaul takes a look back to the best moments of the season. Including unaired clips, the audition tapes of the queens that did and didn't make it to the show, and the Top 10 most memorable fashion looks of the season.
Guest Judges: Merle Ginsberg and Santino Rice
Mini-Challenge: 
Main Challenge: 
Challenge Winner: 
Challenge Prize: 
Bottom Two: 
Lip-Sync Song: 
Eliminated: 

8	8	"Grand Finale"	March 23, 2009
Description: For the last challenge of the season, the queens will record a verse and film a spot for RuPaul's music video "Cover Girl (Put the Bass in Your Walk)". On the runway, Rebecca Glasscock is eliminated, leaving BeBe Zahara Benet and Nina Flowers as the top two queens of the season. They lip-sync to "Cover Girl (Put the Bass in Your Walk)" by RuPaul. It is revealed that BeBe Zahara Benet is the winner, leaving Nina Flowers as the runner-up.
Guest Judges: 
Mini-Challenge: 
Main Challenge: Record a verse and film a spot for RuPaul's music video "Cover Girl (Put the Bass in Your Walk)"
Challenge Winner: 
Challenge Prize: 
Eliminated: Rebecca Glasscock
Top Two: BeBe Zahara Benet and Nina Flowers
Lip-Sync Song: "Cover Girl (Put the Bass in Your Walk)" by RuPaul
Runner-up: Nina Flowers
Winner of RuPaul's Drag Race Season One: BeBe Zahara Benet

9	9	"Reunited"	March 23, 2009
Description: The queens all return to talk about the season. Discussions include, Victoria "Porkchop" Parker talking about how well she would've done in future episodes, Tammie Brown's quirkiness, Akashia's tearful exit, Jade's frustration with Rebecca Glasscock, Ongina discussing her being HIV positive, Shannel's elimination, Rebecca's fakeness and attitude, Nina Flowers finishing second and BeBe Zahara Benet winning the competition. It is then revealed that Nina Flowers is this season's Miss Congeniality.


10	1	"Gone with the Window"	February 1, 2010
Description: Twelve new queens enter the workroom. For the first challenge, the queens will do a Gone with the Wind inspired photo shoot. Raven wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will design an outfit made from curtains and home furnishings. On the runway, Morgan McMichaels, Pandora Boxx and Tyra Sanchez receive positive critiques, with Morgan McMichaels winning the challenge. Mystique Summers Madison, Sahara Davenport and Shangela Laquifa Wadley receive negative critiques, with Mystique Summers Madison being safe. Sahara Davenport and Shangela Laquifa Wadley lip-sync to "Cover Girl (Put the Bass in Your Walk)" by RuPaul. Sahara Davenport wins the lip-sync and Shangela Laquifa Wadley is the first queen to sashay away.
Guest Judges: Mike Ruiz and Kathy Griffin
Mini-Challenge: Gone with the Wind inspired photo shoot
Mini-Challenge Winner: Raven
Main Challenge: Design an outfit made from curtains and home furnishings
Challenge Winner: Morgan McMichaels
Challenge Prize: A photo spread for Interior Illusions featured in Lux Magazine
Bottom Two: Sahara Davenport and Shangela Laquifa Wadley
Lip-Sync Song: "Cover Girl (Put the Bass in Your Walk)" by RuPaul
Eliminated: Shangela Laquifa Wadley

11	2	"Starrbootylicious"	February 8, 2010
Description: For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will pair up and turn a Mini-Ru doll from a lady to a tramp. Pandora Boxx and Sahara Davenport win the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will team up and compete to earn the most cash performing burlesque and selling gift certificates. Team Pandora Boxx: Morgan McMichaels, Nicole Paige Brooks, Pandora Boxx, Raven, Sonique and Tatianna Team Sahara Davenport: Jessica Wild, Jujubee, Mystique Summers Madison, Sahara Davenport and Tyra Sanchez On the runway, category is High Class Drag. Team Sahara Davenport is the winning team, with Sahara Davenport winning the challenge. Team Pandora Boxx is the losing team. Nicole Paige Brooks, Raven and Sonique receive negative critiques, with Sonique being safe. Nicole Paige Brooks and Raven lip-sync to "My Lovin' (You're Never Gonna Get It)" by En Vogue. Raven wins the lip-sync and Nicole Paige Brooks sashays away.
Guest Judges: Kim Coles and Dita Von Teese
Mini-Challenge: Turn a Mini-Ru doll from a lady to a tramp
Mini-Challenge Winners: Pandora Boxx and Sahara Davenport
Main Challenge: In teams, compete to earn the most cash performing burlesque and selling gift certificates
Runway Theme: High Class Drag
Challenge Winner: Sahara Davenport
Challenge Prize: A $1,500 gift certificate to Sequin Queen
Bottom Two: Nicole Paige Brooks and Raven
Lip-Sync Song: "My Lovin' (You're Never Gonna Get It)" by En Vogue
Eliminated: Nicole Paige Brooks
Farewell Message: "Be Safe Bitch N.P. Brooks"

12	3	"Country Queens"	February 15, 2010
Description: For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will compete in an eating contest called "Chicken or What?" Mystique Summers Madison and Morgan Michaels win the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will team up and act as feuding families in a TV commercial for Disco Shortening.

Team Hatfields: Morgan McMichaels, Raven, Sahara Davenport, Sonique and Tyra Sanchez
Team McCoys: Jessica Wild, Jujubee, Mystique Summers Madison, Pandora Boxx and Tatianna
On the runway, category is Country Realness. Jessica Wild, Pandora Boxx and Tyra Sanchez receive positive critiques, with Tyra Sanchez winning the challenge. Mystique Summers Madison and Raven receive negative critiques, and are announced as the bottom two. lip-sync to "I Hear You Knockin'" by Wynonna Judd. Raven wins the lip-sync and Mystique Summers Madison sashays away.

Guest Judges: Kathy Najimy and Tanya Tucker
Mini-Challenge: Compete in an eating contest called "Chicken or What?"
Mini-Challenge Winners: Mystique Summers Madison and Morgan McMichaels
Main Challenge: Act as feuding families in a TV commercial for Disco Shortening
Runway Theme: Country Realness
Challenge Winner: Tyra Sanchez
Challenge Prize: A collection of designer bags from M. Clifford Designs
Bottom Two: Mystique Summers Madison and Raven
Lip-Sync Song: "I Hear You Knockin'" by Wynonna Judd
Eliminated: Mystique Summers Madison
Farewell Message: "Balls 2 the Walls. Fishes or Bitches. You pick. Mystique."
13	4	"Snatch Game"	February 22, 2010
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will play a bidding challenge called "The Queen is Right". Raven wins the mini-challenge. For this week's main challenge, the queens will play the Snatch Game. Alec Mapa and Phoebe Price star as the celebrity contestants. The cast consisted of:

Jessica Wild as RuPaul
Jujubee as Kimora Lee
Morgan McMichaels as Pink
Pandora Boxx as Carol Channing
Raven as Paris Hilton
Sahara Davenport as Whitney Houston
Sonique as Lady Gaga
Tatianna as Britney Spears
Tyra Sanchez as Beyoncé
On the runway, category is Personal Style. Pandora Boxx and Tatianna receive positive critiques, with Tatianna winning the challenge. Jujubee, Morgan McMichaels and Sonique receive negative critiques, with Jujubee being safe. Morgan McMichaels and Sonique lip-sync to "Two of Hearts (song)" by Stacey Q. Morgan McMichaels wins the lip-sync and Sonique sashays away.

Guest Judges: Lisa Rinna and Niecy Nash
Mini-Challenge: "The Queen is Right" bidding challenge
Mini-Challenge Winner: Raven
Main Challenge: Snatch Game
Runway Theme: Personal Style
Challenge Winner: Tatianna
Challenge Prize: A $1,000 shopping spree from Billion Dollar Babes
Bottom Two: Morgan McMichaels and Sonique
Lip-Sync Song: "Two of Hearts (song)" by Stacey Q
Eliminated: Sonique
Farewell Message: "☮♥ XO Son!que "Trust" "
14	5	"Here Comes the Bride"	March 1, 2010
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will decorate a box in their drag style that includes something borrowed from another queen. Raven wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will dress up as the bride and groom in a wedding photoshoot.

On the runway, Jessica Wild, Jujubee, Raven and Tyra Sanchez receive positive critiques, with Tyra Sanchez winning the challenge. Morgan McMichaels, Sahara Davenport and Tatianna receive negative critiques, with Tatianna being safe. Morgan McMichaels and Sahara Davenport lip-sync to "Carry On" by Martha Wash. Sahara Davenport wins the lip-sync and Morgan McMichaels sashays away.

Guest Judges: Mathu Andersen and Martha Wash
Mini-Challenge: Decorate a box in your drag style that includes something borrowed from another queen
Mini-Challenge Winner: Raven
Main Challenge: Dress up as the bride and groom in a wedding photoshoot
Challenge Winner: Tyra Sanchez
Challenge Prize: A five night vacation at the Hyatt in Palm Springs
Bottom Two: Morgan McMichaels and Sahara Davenport
Lip-Sync Song: "Carry On" by Martha Wash
Eliminated: Morgan McMichaels
Farewell Message: "All you have to do is DREAM! Morgan XOXO!"
15	6	"Rocker Chicks"	March 8, 2010
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will give a wig a glam rock makeover. Pandora Boxx wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens must do a live rock performance of RuPaul's "Lady Boy".

On the runway, Jessica Wild, Pandora Boxx and Raven receive positive critiques, with Jessica Wild winning the challenge. Jujubee, Sahara Davenport and Tyra Sanchez receive negative critiques, with Tyra Sanchez being safe. Jujubee and Sahara Davenport lip-sync to "Black Velvet" by Alannah Myles. Jujubee wins the lip-sync and Sahara Davenport sashays away.

Guest Judges: Henry Rollins and Terri Nunn
Mini-Challenge: Give a wig a glam rock makeover
Mini-Challenge Winner: Pandora Boxx
Main Challenge: Live rock performance of RuPaul's "Lady Boy"
Challenge Winner: Jessica Wild
Challenge Prize: A $1,000 shopping spree
Bottom Two: Jujubee and Sahara Davenport
Lip-Sync Song: "Black Velvet" by Alannah Myles
Eliminated: Sahara Davenport
Farewell Message: "Live, Love and Believe!!! XO. Sahara"
16	7	"Once Upon a Queen"	March 22, 2010
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will read each other to filth. Jujubee wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will create and promote a concept for an autobiography.

Jessica Wild - Jessica Wild: Dreams of a Golden Child
Jujubee - Memoirs of a Gay-Sha: Jujubee's Journey, I'm Still Here!
Pandora Boxx - Out of the Boxx: How Drag Saved My Life
Raven - Young, Broke, and Fabulous: The Pursuit of Finding Your Inner Trust Fund
Tatianna - Tati: From Teen Queen to Drag Superstar!
Tyra Sanchez - The Women in Me: A Guide to Letting Go of the Past, Accepting the Present, and Looking Forward to a Better Future
On the runway, Jujubee and Raven receive positive critiques, with Raven winning the challenge. Jessica Wild, Pandora Boxx and Tatianna receive negative critiques, with Pandora Boxx being safe. Jessica Wild and Tatianna lip-sync to "He's the Greatest Dancer" by Sister Sledge. Tatianna wins the lip-sync and Jessica Wild sashays away.

Guest Judges: Gigi Levangie and Jackie Collins
Mini-Challenge: Reading is Fundamental
Mini-Challenge Winner: Jujubee
Main Challenge: Create and promote a concept for an autobiography
Challenge Winner: Raven
Challenge Prize: A shopping spree at L.A. Eyeworks
Bottom Two: Jessica Wild and Tatianna
Lip-Sync Song: "He's the Greatest Dancer" by Sister Sledge
Eliminated: Jessica Wild
Farewell Message: "I love you girls! Viva P.R.! JW."
17	8	"Golden Gals"	March 29, 2010
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will have to match the season's twelve queens with their baby pictures. Tatianna wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will makeover older gay men into drag mothers.

On the runway, Raven, Tatianna and Tyra Sanchez receive positive critiques, with Raven winning the challenge. Jujubee and Pandora Boxx receive negative critiques, and are announced as the bottom two. They lip-sync to "Shake Your Love" by Debbie Gibson. Jujubee wins the lip-sync and Pandora Boxx sashays away.

Guest Judges: Debbie Reynolds, Cloris Leachman and Toni Ko
Mini-Challenge: Match the season's twelve queens with their baby pictures
Mini-Challenge Winner: Tatianna
Main Challenge: Makeover older gay men into drag mothers
Challenge Winner: Raven
Challenge Prize: A 4-day 3-night stay and massage at East Canyon Hotel in Palm Springs
Bottom Two: Jujubee and Pandora Boxx
Lip-Sync Song: "Shake Your Love" by Debbie Gibson
Eliminated: Pandora Boxx
Farewell Message: "Lick this Boxx, bitch. XOXO Love you all Pandora Boxx"
18	9	"The Diva Awards"	April 12, 2010
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will style and accessorize one of four identical dresses. Tyra Sanchez wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will create three looks for The Diva Awards: Teen Diva, Diva D.C. Press and Diva Hollywood Extravaganza.

On the runway, Raven and Tyra Sanchez receive positive critiques, with Tyra Sanchez winning the challenge. Jujubee and Tatianna receive negative critiques, and are announced as the bottom two. They lip-sync to "Something He Can Feel" by Aretha Franklin. Jujubee wins the lip-sync and Tatianna sashays away.

Guest Judges: Tatum O'Neal and Marissa Jaret Winokur
Mini-Challenge: Style and accessorize one of four identical dresses
Mini-Challenge Winner: Tyra Sanchez
Main Challenge: The Diva Awards
Runway Themes: Teen Diva, Diva D.C. Press, and Diva Hollywood Extravaganza
Challenge Winner: Tyra Sanchez
Challenge Prize: A feature photo spread on Paper Magazine
Bottom Two: Jujubee and Tatianna
Lip-Sync Song: "Something He Can Feel" by Aretha Franklin
Eliminated: Tatianna
Farewell Message: "Do you 2 the FULLEST! Love TATI"
19	10	"The Main Event Clip Show"	April 19, 2010
Highlights and outtakes from the second season's first nine episodes. RuPaul reveals some never-before-seen, behind the scenes moments including the queens impersonating each other, the contestants' family relationships and the unseen moments on the main stage. This is followed by a fast-forward flashback recap of the entire season, followed by an up-close and personal look at the final 3.

Season 1 contestants Ongina, Shannel, and season 1 winner BeBe Zahara Benet join RuPaul to count down the top ten most unforgettable fits and fashions from the season.
20	11	"Grand Finale"	April 26, 2010
For the final challenge of the season, the queens will star in RuPaul's music video "Jealous Of My Boogie (Gomi and RasJek Edit)" and act in a scripted scene with RuPaul.

On the runway, Jujubee is eliminated from the competition, leaving Raven and Tyra Sanchez as the top two queens of the season. They lip-sync to "Jealous Of My Boogie (Gomi and RasJek Edit)" By RuPaul. It is revealed that Tyra Sanchez is the winner, leaving Raven as the runner-up.

Main Challenge: Star in RuPaul's music video "Jealous Of My Boogie (Gomi and RasJek Edit)" and act in a scripted scene with RuPaul
Eliminated: Jujubee
Farewell Message: "You are your own worst critic... let go, forgive, & live. Love, Juju B."
Top Two: Raven and Tyra Sanchez
Lip-Sync Song: "Jealous Of My Boogie (Gomi and RasJek Edit)" By RuPaul
Runner-up: Raven
Farewell Message: "Keep your eyes on the stars... you'll never be one - Raven"
Winner of RuPaul's Drag Race Season Two: Tyra Sanchez
21	12	"Reunited"	April 26, 2010
The queens all return to talk about the season. Discussions include, Shangela Laquifa Wadley's time after the show, Nicole Paige Brooks feeling disappointed with Raven, Mystique Summers Madison giving up due her mother's safety, Sonique revealing that she is transgender, Morgan McMichael's fight with Mystique Summers Madison, Sahara Davenport's family's positive reaction to her doing drag, Jessica Wild's language barrier, Tatianna's drama with Raven and Morgan Michaels, Jujubee's family pride and Tyra Sanchez winning the season and her attitude on the show. It is then revealed that Pandora Boxx is this season's Miss Congeniality.

Miss Congeniality: Pandora Boxx


No.
overall	No. in
season	Title	Original air date
22	1	"Casting Extravaganza"	January 24, 2011
The first episode shows behind the scenes of the casting process for the 2011 edition of "RuPaul's Drag Race." Featured are entrants that were not cast in the series. All the contestants are profiled. Manila's audition tape includes an endorsement from her boyfriend, season 2's Sahara Davenport. Raja reveals she has done make up for some pretty big names in Hollywood and her audition tape includes an endorsement from Adam Lambert. India Ferrah shows us through video and old photos his early drag career which started at 14. Mimi and Stacy were premiered as the Big Girls of the Season. Phoenix talks about her start in drag. Venus D-lite and Delta Work are profiled, and it is revealed that they were chosen as a result of auditioning in front of RuPaul and Santino Rice at an open casting call in Hollywood, California. This special also features several queens who appear on future seasons: Madame LaQueer and Chad Michaels, who would go on to appear on Season 4, Alaska, Detox, and Penny Tration who would go on to appear on Season 5, Joslyn Fox who would appear on Season 6, Katya Zamolodchikova, Sasha Belle, Mrs. Kasha Davis and Jasmine Masters who appeared on Season 7, Thorgy Thor and Dax ExclamationPoint from Season 8, and Season 11's Nina West. Audition tapes for new "Pit Crew" members with Shawn Morales and Jason Carter being selected to join the team.
23	2	"The Queen Who Mopped Xmas"	January 24, 2011
Twelve new queens enter the workroom. Shangela, who was first eliminated on Season 2, returns to the competition. For the first mini-challenge, the queens will do a Christmas Card photoshoot on a trampoline. Raja wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will design an outfit made from Christmas themed items.

On the runway, Manila Luzon, Mimi Imfurst and Raja receive positive critiques, with Raja winning the challenge. Carmen Carrera, Shangela and Venus D-Lite receive negative critiques, with Carmen Carrera being safe. Shangela and Venus D-Lite lip-sync to "The Right Stuff" by Vanessa Williams. Shangela wins the lip-sync and Venus D-Lite is the first queen to sashay away.

Guest Judges: Bruce Vilanch, Mike Ruiz and Vanessa Williams
Mini-Challenge: Christmas Card Photoshoot on a trampoline
Mini-Challenge Winner: Raja
Main Challenge: Design an outfit made from Christmas themed items
Challenge Winner: Raja
Challenge Prize: A $2,000 gift card to Sequin Queen
Bottom Two: Shangela and Venus D-Lite
Lip-Sync Song: "The Right Stuff" by Vanessa Williams
Eliminated: Venus D-Lite
Farewell Message: "Don't be shady!!, Be a Lady!, Love ya, Venus D-Lite"
24	3	"Queens in Space"	January 31, 2011
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will pair up and try to guess their partner's choices for different questions. Mariah and Phoenix win the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will team up and star in two different Sci-Fi movie spoofs.

Team Mariah: Alexis Mateo, Mariah, Mimi Imfurst, Shangela, Stacy Layne Matthews and Yara Sofia
Team Phoenix: Carmen Carrera, Delta Work, India Ferrah, Manila Luzon, Phoenix and Raja
On the runway, category is Sci-Fi. Team Mariah is the winning team, with Alexis Mateo and Shangela both winning the challenge. Team Phoenix is the losing team. Carmen Carrera, Delta Work and Phoenix receive negative critiques, with Carmen Carrera being safe. Delta Work and Phoenix lip-sync to "Bad Romance" by Lady Gaga. Delta Work wins the lip-sync and Phoenix sashays away.

Guest Judges: Lily Tomlin and Alessandra Torresani
Mini-Challenge: In pairs, guess your partner's choices for different questions
Mini-Challenge Winners: Mariah and Phoenix
Main Challenge: In teams, star in two different Sci-Fi movie spoofs
Runway Theme: Sci-Fi
Challenge Winners: Alexis Mateo and Shangela
Challenge Prize: A set of hand-sculpted silicone breast plates by Boobs for Queens
Bottom Two: Delta Work and Phoenix
Lip-Sync Song: "Bad Romance" by Lady Gaga
Eliminated: Phoenix
Farewell Message: "Be You Bitches (Boots) Loves, Phoenix"
25	4	"Totally Leotarded"	February 7, 2011
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will pair up and make a leotard using only duct tape. Carmen Carrera and Manila Luzon win the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will team up and produce a fitness workout video.

Team Carmen Carrera: Carmen Carrera, Delta Work, India Ferrah, Mariah and Yara Sofia
Team Manila Luzon: Alexis Mateo, Manila Luzon, Mimi Imfurst, Raja, Shangela and Stacy Layne Matthews
On the runway, category is My Favorite Body Part. Alexis Mateo, Stacy Layne Matthews and Yara Sofia receive positive critiques, with Alexis Mateo winning the challenge. India Ferrah, Mariah and Mimi Imfurst receive negative critiques, with Mariah being safe. India Ferrah and Mimi Imfurst lip-sync to "Don't Leave Me This Way" by Thelma Houston. India Ferrah wins the lip-sync and Mimi Imfurst sashays away.

Guest Judges: Billy B., La Toya Jackson and Susan Powter
Mini-Challenge: In pairs, make a leotard using only duct tape
Mini-Challenge Winners: Carmen Carrera and Manila Luzon
Main Challenge: In teams, produce a fitness workout video
Runway Theme: My Favorite Body Part
Challenge Winner: Alexis Mateo
Challenge Prize: A $2,500 gift card to Gilt Groupe
Bottom Two: India Ferrah and Mimi Imfurst
Lip-Sync Song: "Don't Leave Me This Way" by Thelma Houston
Eliminated: Mimi Imfurst
Farewell Message: "mimiimfurst.com 'life is too short to live someone else's'"
26	5	"QNN News"	February 14, 2011
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will do a scandalous Red Carpet photoshoot. Carmen Carrera and Stacy Layne Matthews win the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will team up to produce a morning news show called "QNN News".

Team Carmen Carrera: Carmen Carrera, Delta Work, India Ferrah, Manila Luzon and Raja
Team Stacy Layne Matthews: Alexis Mateo, Mariah, Shangela, Stacy Layne Matthews and Yara Sofia
On the runway, category is Fabulous Drag. Manila Luzon and Shangela receive positive critiques, with Manila Luzon winning the challenge. India Ferrah, Mariah and Stacy Layne Matthews receive negative critiques, with Mariah being safe. India Ferrah and Stacy Layne Matthews lip-sync to "Meeting in the Ladies Room" by Klymaxx. Stacy Layne Matthews wins the lip-sync and India Ferrah sashays away.

Guest Judges: Billy B, Chloë Sevigny and Debbie Matenopoulos
Mini-Challenge: Scandalous Red Carpet photoshoot
Mini-Challenge Winners: Carmen Carrera and Stacy Layne Matthews
Main Challenge: Produce a morning news show called "QNN News"
Runway Theme: Fabulous Drag
Challenge Winner: Manila Luzon
Challenge Prize: A $2,000 gift card to Wig USA
Bottom Two: India Ferrah and Stacy Layne Matthews
Lip-Sync Song: "Meeting in the Ladies Room" by Klymaxx
Eliminated: India Ferrah
Farewell Message: "Never Give Up, You're all stars...India Ferrah"
27	6	"Snatch Game"	February 21, 2011
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will play a game of "Shit RuPaul Says". Delta Work wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will play the Snatch Game. Aisha Tyler and Amber Rose star as the celebrity contestants. The cast consisted of:

Alexis Mateo as Alicia Keys
Carmen Carrera as Jennifer Lopez
Delta Work as Cher
Manila Luzon as Imelda Marcos
Mariah as Joan Crawford
Raja as Tyra Banks
Shangela as Tina Turner
Stacy Layne Matthews as Mo'Nique
Yara Sofia as Amy Winehouse
On the runway, category is Best Drag. Alexis Mateo, Raja and Stacy Layne Matthews receive positive critiques, with Stacy Layne Matthews winning the challenge. Delta Work, Mariah and Yara Sofia receive negative critiques, with Yara Sofia being safe. Delta Work and Mariah lip-sync to "Looking for a New Love" by Jody Watley. Delta Work wins the lip-sync and Mariah sashays away.

Guest Judges: Aisha Tyler and Amber Rose
Mini-Challenge: Shit RuPaul Says
Mini-Challenge Winner: Delta Work
Main Challenge: Snatch Game
Runway Theme: Best Drag
Challenge Winner: Stacy Layne Matthews
Challenge Prize: A cruise for 2 to the Bahamas courtesy of Al and Chuck Travel
Bottom Two: Delta Work and Mariah
Lip-Sync Song: "Looking for a New Love" by Jody Watley
Eliminated: Mariah
Farewell Message: "Condragulations Raja. Mug4Dayz! Mariah"
28	7	"Face, Face, Face of Cakes"	February 28, 2011
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will do a nude photoshoot. Carmen Carrera wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge the queens will design an outfit inspired by a bakery cake.

Alexis Mateo - Cheesecake
Carmen Carrera - Princess Cake
Delta Work - Angel Food Cake
Manila Luzon - Carrot Cake
Raja - Chocolate Lava Cake
Shangela - Pineapple Upside Down Cake
Stacey Layne Matthews - Red Velvet Cake
Yara Sofia - Strawberry Shortcake
On the runway, Delta Work, Manila Luzon, Raja and Yara Sofia receive positive critiques, with Raja winning the challenge. Alexis Mateo, Carmen Carrera, Shangela and Stacy Layne Matthews receive negative critiques, with Carmen Carrera and Shangela being safe. Alexis Mateo and Stacy Layne Matthews lip-sync to "Knock on Wood" by Amii Stewart. Alexis Mateo wins the lip-sync and Stacy Layne Matthews sashays away.

Guest Judges: Billy B., Eliza Dushku and Sara Rue
Mini-Challenge: Nude photoshoot
Mini-Challenge Winner: Carmen Carrera
Main Challenge: Design an outfit inspired by a bakery cake
Challenge Winner: Raja
Main Challenge Prize: A shopping spree at L.A. Eyeworks
Bottom Two: Alexis Mateo and Stacy Layne Matthews
Lip Sync Song: "Knock on Wood" by Amii Stewart
Eliminated: Stacy Layne Matthews
Farewell Message: "Be a lady! You're All Amazing. Stacy Layne “Bryant” Matthews XOX"
29	8	"Ru Ha Ha!"	March 7, 2011
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will read each other to filth. Shangela wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will perform a stand-up comedy routine in front of the judges and a live audience.

On the runway, Carmen Carrera, Raja, Shangela and Yara Sofia receive positive critiques, with Shangela winning the challenge. Delta Work and Manila Luzon receive negative critiques, and are announced as the bottom two. They lip-sync to "MacArthur Park" by Donna Summer. Manila Luzon wins the lip-sync and Delta Work sashays away.

Guest Judges: Billy B., Rita Rudner and Arden Myrin
Mini-Challenge: Reading is Fundamental
Mini-Challenge Winner: Shangela
Main Challenge: Perform a stand-up comedy routine in front of the judges a live audience
Challenge Winner: Shangela
Challenge Prize: An original, custom designed gown from Miami Elite Designs
Bottom Two: Delta Work and Manila Luzon
Lip-Sync Song: "MacArthur Park" by Donna Summer
Eliminated: Delta Work
Farewell Message: "WORK HEATHERS xoxo Delta"
30	9	"Life, Liberty and the Pursuit of Style"	March 14, 2011
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will decorate regular bras using rhinestones. Manila Luzon wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will film a patriotic message addressed to US military personnel overseas.

On the runway, category is Patriotic Drag. Alexis Mateo and Shangela receive positive critiques, with Alexis Mateo winning the challenge. Carmen Carrera, Manila Luzon, Raja and Yara Sofia receive negative critiques, with Manila Luzon and Raja being safe. Carmen Carrera and Yara Sofia lip-sync to "Mickey (Spanish Version)" by Toni Basil. RuPaul then declares both queens the winner of the lip-sync, and no one goes home.

Guest Judges: Cheryl Tiegs and Johnny Weir
Mini-Challenge: Decorate regular bras using rhinestones
Mini-Challenge Winner: Manila Luzon
Main Challenge: Film a patriotic message addressed to US military personnel overseas
Runway Theme: Patriotic Drag
Challenge Winner: Alexis Mateo
Challenge Prize: A three-piece luxury luggage set from Antler Luggage
Bottom Two: Carmen Carrera and Yara Sofia
Lip-Sync Song: "Mickey (Spanish Version)" by Toni Basil
Eliminated: None
Carmen Carrera's Stay Message: "I kiss Johnny Weir! Carmen Carrera"
Yara Sofia's Stay Message: "I'm still here! Echa Pa Lante xoxo Y.S."
31	10	"RuPaul-a-palooza"	March 21, 2011
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will play a game of Rusical Chairs. Manila Luzon wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will perform RuPaul's "Superstar" in different music genres.

Alexis Mateo - Hip Hop
Carmen Carrera - Reggae
Manila Luzon - Disco
Raja - Punk Rock
Shangela - Country
Yara Sofia - Pop
On the runway, Manila Luzon, Raja and Yara Sofia receive positive critiques, with Raja winning the challenge. Alexis Mateo, Carmen Carrera and Shangela receive negative critiques, with Alexis Mateo being safe. Carmen Carrera and Shangela lip-sync to "Believe" by Cher. Shangela wins the lip-sync and Carmen Carrera sashays away.

Guest Judges: Jeffrey Moran, Jody Watley, and Carmen Electra
Mini-Challenge: Rusical Chairs
Mini-Challenge Winner: Manila Luzon
Main Challenge: Perform RuPaul's "Superstar" in different music genres
Challenge Winner: Raja
Challenge Prize: An original, custom gown by Marco Marco
Bottom Two: Carmen Carrera and Shangela
Lip-Sync Song: "Believe" by Cher
Eliminated: Carmen Carrera
Farewell Message: "Heathers better win." as well as personal messages for the remaining queens.
32	11	"The Hair Ball"	March 28, 2011
For this weeks mini-challenge, the queens will create beach-themed hairpieces. Raja wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will create three looks for The Hair Ball: a classic look from another era, a modern red carpet look, and a fantasy hair outfit, made entirely out of wigs.

On the runway, Manila Luzon, Raja and Yara Sofia receive positive critiques, with Yara Sofia winning the challenge. Alexis Mateo and Shangela receive negative critiques, and are announced as the bottom two. They lip-sync to "Even Angels" by Fantasia. Alexis Mateo wins the lip-sync and Shangela sashays away. At the end of the episode, RuPaul tells the other queens that the judges will be voting one of the eliminated queens back into the competition.

Guest Judges: Wayne Brady and Fantasia Barrino
Mini-Challenge: Create beach-themed hairpieces
Mini-Challenge Winner: Raja
Main Challenge: The Hair Ball
Runway Themes: A classic look from another era, a modern red carpet look and a fantasy hair outfit, made entirely out of wigs
Challenge Winner: Yara Sofia
Challenge Prize: An Alaskan cruise for 2 from Al and Chuck Travel
Bottom Two: Alexis Mateo and Shangela
Lip-Sync Song: "Even Angels" by Fantasia
Eliminated: Shangela
Farewell Message: "Always live your dreams and believe in second chances. Halleloo! Love Shangela"
33	12	"Jocks in Frocks"	April 4, 2011
RuPaul then reveals that the judges have voted back Carmen Carrera, and she officially returns to the competition. For the mini-challenge, the queens will play a game of Dunk-A-Queen, in which the queens will have to dunk their opponents. Alexis Mateo wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will makeover heterosexual male athletes.

On the runway, Alexis Mateo and Manila Luzon receive positive critiques, with Manila Luzon winning the challenge. Carmen Carrera and Raja receive negative critiques, and are announced as the bottom two. They lip-sync to "Straight Up" by Paula Abdul. Raja wins the lip-sync and Carmen Carrera sashays away.

Guest Judges: Mike Ruiz, Margaret Cho and Sharon Osbourne
Returned: Carmen Carrera
Mini-Challenge: Dunk-A-Queen
Mini-Challenge Winner: Alexis Mateo
Main Challenge: Makeover heterosexual male athletes
Challenge Winner: Manila Luzon
Challenge Prize: A cruise for 2 to the Bahamas courtesy of Al and Chuck Travel
Bottom Two: Carmen Carrera and Raja
Lip-Sync Song: "Straight Up" by Paula Abdul
Eliminated: Carmen Carrera
Farewell Message: "Good bye AGAIN!! Best of luck to everyone. Turn it out & don't be a sprepper! xoxo Carmen"
34	13	"The Money Ball"	April 11, 2011
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will create a marketable drag product and deliver a sales pitch for it on fictitious home shopping network "RuVC". Yara Sofia wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will create three looks for The Money Ball: Swimsuit Body Beautiful, Cocktail Attire After 5 and Evening Gown Eleganza.

On the runway, Manila Luzon and Raja receive positive critiques, with Manila Luzon winning the challenge. Alexis Mateo and Yara Sofia receive negative critiques, and are announced as the bottom two. They lip-sync to "I Think About You" by Patti LaBelle. Alexis Mateo wins the lip-sync and Yara Sofia sashays away.

Guest Judges: Mike Ruiz, La Toya Jackson and Gigi Levangie
Mini-Challenge: Create a marketable drag product and deliver a sales pitch for it on fictitious home shopping network "RuVC"
Mini-Challenge Winner: Yara Sofia
Main Challenge: The Money Ball
Runway Themes: Swimsuit Body Beautiful, Cocktail Attire After 5 and Evening Gown Eleganza
Challenge Winner: Manila Luzon
Challenge Prize: A collection of fine jewelry from Kathy Ireland Jewelry
Bottom Two: Alexis Mateo and Yara Sofia
Lip-Sync Song: "I Think About You" by Patti LaBelle
Eliminated: Yara Sofia
Farewell Message:"Echa pa' lante, no mires pa' atras pa' coger impulso, and you know what f&%k you haha" (English: Move forward, don't look back (not even to) gain impulse)
35	14	"RuPaul Rewind"	April 18, 2011
A look back at the highlights, low-lights and previously unseen footage from the first 13 episodes. Chaz Bono made a cameo appearance during the episode's opening scene as a spot light operator. Season two winner Tyra Sanchez as well as runner-ups Raven and Jujubee returned to the provide their opinions on the season's highlights.
36	15	"Grand Finale"	April 25, 2011
For the final challenge of the season, the queens will star in RuPaul's music video "Champion (DJ BunJoe's Olympic Mix)".

On the runway, Alexis Mateo is eliminated from the competition, leaving Manila Luzon and Raja as the top two queens of the season. They lip-sync to "Champion (DJ BunJoe's Olympic Mix)" by RuPaul. It is then announced that Raja is the winner, leaving Manila Luzon as the runner-up.

Main Challenge: Star in RuPaul's music video "Champion (DJ BunJoe's Olympic Mix)"
Eliminated: Alexis Mateo
Farewell Message: "Always know your place. The jig is up!!! Siempre, Alexis"
Top Two: Manila Luzon and Raja
Lip-Sync Song: "Champion (DJ BunJoe's Olympic Mix)" by RuPaul
Runner-up: Manila Luzon
Farewell Message: "Positive Always! I Love You Mommy & Daddy! Manila Luzon :)"
Winner of RuPaul's Drag Race Season Three: Raja
37	16	"Reunited"	May 2, 2011
The queens all return to talk about the season. Discussions include, Discussions include, Mimi Imfurst picking up India Ferrah during their lip-sync, all the girls' issues with Shangela during the season, and the "Heathers" vs. the "Boogers". It is then revealed that Yara Sofia is this season's Miss Congeniality.

Miss Congeniality: Yara Sofia

No.
overall	No. in
season	Title	Original air date
38	1	"RuPocalypse Now"	January 30, 2012
Thirteen new queens enter the workroom. For the first mini-challenge, the queens will do a photoshoot on a spinning platform while being sprayed with "hazardous waste". Jiggly Caliente wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will create a post-apocalyptic couture outfit made from items looted from drag queen zombies.

On the runway, Lashauwn Beyond, Sharon Needles and The Princess receive positive critiques, with Sharon Needles winning the challenge. Alisa Summers, Jiggly Caliente and Kenya Michaels receive negative critiques, with Kenya Michaels being safe. Alisa Summers and Jiggly Caliente lip-sync to "Toxic" by Britney Spears. Jiggly Caliente wins the lip-sync and Alisa Summers is the first queen to sashay away.

Guest Judges: Elvira, Mistress of the Dark and Mike Ruiz
Mini-Challenge: Photoshoot on a spinning platform while being sprayed with "hazardous waste"
Mini-Challenge Winner: Jiggly Caliente
Main Challenge: Create a post-apocalyptic couture outfit made from items looted from drag queen zombies
Challenge Winner: Sharon Needles
Challenge Prize: A custom designed gown from Sequin Queen
Bottom Two: Alisa Summers and Jiggly Caliente
Lip-Sync Song: "Toxic" by Britney Spears
Eliminated: Alisa Summers
Farewell Message: "Keep it cute ladies! Shady sisters 4-ever! ♥ Alisa"
39	2	"WTF!: Wrestling's Trashiest Fighters"	February 6, 2012
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will create a "badonkadonk" with padding. Chad Michaels, Phi Phi O'Hara and Willam win the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will Create a wrestling storyline, with a backstage clip and entertaining match in the ring.

Team Chad Michaels: Chad Michaels, Madame LaQueer, Milan and Sharon Needles
Team Phi Phi O'Hara: Kenya Michaels, Lashauwn Beyond, Latrice Royale and Phi Phi O'Hara
Team Willam: DiDa Ritz, Jiggly Caliente, The Princess and Willam
On the runway, category is Girly Girl Couture. Team Chad Michaels is the winning team, with Chad Michaels and Madame LaQueer both winning the challenge. Team Phi Phi O'Hara and Team Willam are the losing teams. DiDa Ritz, Lashauwn Beyond and The Princess receive negative critiques, with DiDa Ritz being safe. Lashauwn Beyond and The Princess lip-sync to "Bad Girls" by Donna Summer. The Princess wins the lip-sync and Lashauwn Beyond sashays away.

Guest Judges: Rick Fox and John Salley
Mini-Challenge: Create a "badonkadonk" with padding
Mini-Challenge Winners: Chad Michaels, Phi Phi O'Hara and Willam
Main Challenge: Create a wrestling storyline, with a backstage clip and entertaining match in the ring
Runway Theme: Girly Girl Couture
Challenge Winners: Chad Michaels and Madame LaQueer
Challenge Prize: A selection of wigs from Risqué Wigs
Bottom Two: Lashauwn Beyond and The Princess
Lip-Sync Song: "Bad Girls" by Donna Summer
Eliminated: Lashauwn Beyond
Farewell Message: "Stay true 2 U + xoxo good luck! –Beyond!"
40	3	"Glamazons vs. Champions"	February 13, 2012
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will Create hats with butterfly-shaped accessories for guest Piyah Martell, Internet diva and transgender teen born with Caudal Regression Syndrome. Jiggly Caliente, Kenya Michaels and Phi Phi O'Hara win the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will team up to Produce and act in TV infomercials for RuPaul's Glamazon and Champion albums.

Team Champion:

DiDa Ritz - "Main Event"
Jiggly Caliente - "LadyBoy"
Latrice Royale - "Never Go Home Again"
Phi Phi O'Hara - "Jealous of My Boogie"
Sharon Needles - "Cover Girl (Put the Bass in Your Walk)"
Team Glamazon:

Chad Michaels - "The Beginning"
Kenya Michaels - "Get Your Rebel On"
Madame LaQueer - "Responsitrannity"
Milan - "Superstar"
The Princess - "If I Dream"
Willam - "Click Clack (Make Dat Money)"
On the runway, category is Platinum and Gold. Chad Michaels, Kenya Michaels and Sharon Needles receive positive critiques, with Sharon Needles winning the challenge. DiDa Ritz, Madame LaQueer and The Princess receive negative critiques, with Madame LaQueer being safe. DiDa Ritz and The Princess lip-sync to "This Will Be (An Everlasting Love)" by Natalie Cole. DiDa Ritz wins the lip-sync and The Princess sashays away.

Guest Judges: Amber Riley and Natalie Cole
Mini-Challenge: Create hats with butterfly-shaped accessories for guest Piyah Martell, Internet diva and transgender teen born with Caudal Regression Syndrome
Mini-Challenge Winners: Jiggly Caliente, Kenya Michaels and Phi Phi O'Hara
Main Challenge: Produce and act in TV infomercials for RuPaul's Glamazon and Champion albums
Runway Theme: Platinum and Gold
Challenge Winner: Sharon Needles
Challenge Prize: A custom jewelry set from Fierce Drag Jewels
Bottom Two: DiDa Ritz and The Princess
Lip-Sync Song: "This Will Be (An Everlasting Love)" by Natalie Cole
Eliminated: The Princess
Farewell Message: "This is (only) the beginning [sic] ! Much Love - The Princess / I ♥ U DIDA RITZ!"
41	4	"Queens Behind Bars"	February 20, 2012
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will pair up and paint each others faces while handcuffed to one another and pose for a mug shot photoshoot. Madame LaQueer and Willam win the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will team up and star in two different episodes of a sitcom.

Team Madame LaQueer: DiDa Ritz, Kenya Michaels, Madame LaQueer, Milan and Sharon Needles
Team Willam: Chad Michaels, Jiggly Caliente, Latrice Royale, Phi Phi O'Hara and Willam
On the runway, category is Television Premiere. Team Willam is the winning team, with Latrice Royale winning the challenge. Team Madame LaQueer is the losing team. Kenya Michaels, Madame LaQueer and Milan receive negative critiques, with Kenya Michaels being safe. Madame LaQueer and Milan lip-sync to "Trouble" by Pink. Milan wins the lip-sync and Madame LaQueer sashays away.

Guest Judges: Billy B, Nicole Sullivan and Max Mutchnick
Mini-Challenge: In pairs, paint each others faces while handcuffed to one another and pose for a mug shot photoshoot
Mini-Challenge Winner: Madame LaQueer and Willam
Main Challenge: In teams, star in two different episodes of a sitcom
Runway Theme: Television Premiere
Challenge Winner: Latrice Royale
Challenge Prize: A cruise courtesy of Al & Chuck Travel
Bottom Two: Madame LaQueer and Milan
Lip-Sync Song: "Trouble" by Pink
Eliminated: Madame LaQueer
Farewell Message: "Girls: Stay humble... People go up... You'll be on the way down! Kisses MLQ / Chad, Sharon, Milan, Dita [sic] = True Friends / Kenya : Botate Mami !"
42	5	"Snatch Game"	February 27, 2012
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will compete in a game called "Beat the Cock". Phi Phi O'Hara wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens play the Snatch Game. Loretta Devine and Ross Mathews star as the celebrity contestants. The cast consisted of:

Chad Michaels as Cher
DiDa Ritz as Wendy Williams
Jiggly Caliente as Snooki
Kenya Michaels as Beyoncé
Latrice Royale as Aretha Franklin
Milan as Diana Ross
Phi Phi O'Hara as Lady Gaga
Sharon Needles as Michelle Visage
Willam as Jessica Simpson
On the runway, category is Best Drag. Chad Michaels, Sharon Needles and Willam receive positive critiques, with Chad Michaels winning the challenge. Kenya Michaels, Milan and Phi Phi O'Hara receive negative critiques, with Phi Phi O'Hara being safe. Kenya Michaels and Milan lip-sync to "Vogue" by Madonna. Milan wins the lip-sync and Kenya Michaels sashays away.

Guest Judges: Loretta Devine and Ross Mathews
Mini-Challenge: Compete in a game called "Beat the Cock"
Mini-Challenge Winner: Phi Phi O'Hara
Main Challenge: Celebrity impersonations in a Match Game-style setting (Snatch Game)
Runway Theme: Best Drag
Challenge Winner: Chad Michaels
Challenge Prize: A custom gown by Marco Marco
Bottom Two: Kenya Michaels and Milan
Lip-Sync Song: "Vogue" by Madonna
Eliminated: Kenya Michaels
Farewell Message: "[...] / I'll be waiting for you in my kindom [sic] / Phi-Phi - I love you - sisters 4 ever"
43	6	"Float Your Boat"	March 5, 2012
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens must gain the biggest crowd reaction in a wet T-shirt contest. Willam wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens must create and wear a pride float based on a color of the pride flag.

Chad Michaels - Pink
DiDa Ritz - Red
Jiggly Caliente - Orange
Latrice Royale - Turquoise
Milan - Yellow
Phi Phi O'Hara - Violet
Sharon Needles - Green
Willam - Indigo
On the runway, Latrice Royale, Phi Phi O'Hara and Willam receive positive critiques, with Willam winning the challenge. DiDa Ritz, Jiggly Caliente and Milan receive negative critiques, with DiDa Ritz being safe. Jiggly Caliente and Milan lip-sync to "Born This Way" by Lady Gaga". Jiggly Caliente wins the lip-sync and Milan sashays away.

Guest Judges: Billy B, Kelly Osbourne and Pauley Perrette
Mini-Challenge: Gain the biggest crowd reaction in a wet T-shirt contest
Mini-Challenge Winner: Willam
Main Challenge: Create and wear a parade float based on a color of the pride flag
Challenge Winner: Willam
Challenge Prize: A cruise courtesy of Al & Chuck Travel
Bottom Two: Jiggly Caliente and Milan
Lip-Sync Song: "Born This Way" by Lady Gaga
Eliminated: Milan
Farewell Message: "Say love n show love / Colored girl, why yo base look like chalk ? / Jiggly REPRESENT / Dwayne Milan"
44	7	"Dragazines"	March 12, 2012
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will read each other to filth. Latrice Royale wins the mini-challenge. For this week's main challenge, the queens will create a magazine cover on a certain topic.

Chad Michaels - Fashion
DiDa Ritz - Food
Jiggly Caliente - Health & Fitness
Latrice Royale - Celebrity Gossip
Phi Phi O'Hara - Travel
Sharon Needles - Cat Lovers
Willam - Home Decor
On the runway, Phi Phi O'Hara and Sharon Needles receive positive critiques, with Phi Phi O'Hara winning the challenge. Chad Michaels, Jiggly Caliente, Latrice Royale and Willam receive negative critiques, with Chad Michaels and Latrice Royale being safe. Jiggly Caliente and Willam lip-sync to "Mi Vida Loca" by Pam Tillis. Willam wins the lip-sync and Jiggly Caliente sashays away.

Guest Judges: Regina King and Pam Tillis
Mini-Challenge: Reading is Fundamental
Mini-Challenge Winner: Latrice Royale
Main Challenge: Create a magazine cover on a certain topic
Challenge Winner: Phi Phi O'Hara
Challenge Prize: A cruise to the Bahamas courtesy of Al & Chuck Travel
Bottom Two: Jiggly Caliente and Willam
Lip-Sync Song: "Mi Vida Loca" by Pam Tillis
Eliminated: Jiggly Caliente
Farewell Message: "To my Bitchez / <3 y'all 2 Death! / C U @ da Reunion / Keep it Real" [Second Column:] "Luv the Dusty 'RPDR' Girls! <3 / Shady / I can get [censored] now! / <3 Dida / Jiggly Caliente"
45	8	"Frenemies"	March 19, 2012
For the mini-challenge, the queens must take a polygraph test. Based on these results, the queens are then paired up for the main challenge, in which they must live sing a duet to "So Much Better Than You".

Chad Michaels and DiDa Ritz
Latrice Royale and Willam
Phi Phi O'Hara and Sharon Needles
On the runway, Latrice Royale and Willam win the challenge. Phi Phi O'Hara and Sharon Needles are announced as the bottom two and lip-sync to "It's Raining Men (The Sequel)" by Martha Wash and RuPaul. After the lip-sync, RuPaul calls Willam to the front of the stage, saying that she has broken the rules, and will be disqualified immediately. Because of this disqualification, Phi Phi O'Hara and Sharon Needles both survive the lip-sync and remain in the competition.

Guest Judges: Lucian Piane, Pamela Anderson, and Jennifer Tilly
Mini-Challenge: Polygraph test administered by RuPaul
Main Challenge: In pairs, live sing a duet to "So Much Better Than You"
Challenge Winners: Latrice Royale and Willam
Challenge Prize: A custom corset, skirt, and brassiere from Versatile Corsets
Bottom Two: Phi Phi O'Hara and Sharon Needles
Lip-Sync Song: "It's Raining Men (The Sequel)" by Martha Wash and RuPaul
Disqualified: Willam
Farewell Message: "Hi, I showed my ass (a lot) so here's one for the road. Willam." (with a butt print on the mirror.)
46	9	"Frock the Vote!"	March 26, 2012
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will design an Absolut Vodka inspired shoe. Phi Phi O'Hara wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will participate in a Presidential debate as the 2012 Wig Party candidate.

On the runway, category is Inaugural Drag. Chad Michaels and Sharon Needles receive positive critiques, with Sharon Needles winning the challenge. DiDa Ritz, Latrice Royale and Phi Phi O'Hara receive negative critiques, with Phi Phi O'Hara being safe. DiDa Ritz and Latrice Royale lip-sync to "I've Got to Use My Imagination" by Gladys Knight & The Pips. Latrice Royale wins the lip-sync and DiDa Ritz sashays away. At the end of the episode, RuPaul tells the other queens that the judges will be voting one of the eliminated queens back into the competition.

Guest Judges: Dan Savage and Jeffrey Moran
Mini-Challenge: Design an Absolut Vodka inspired shoe
Mini-Challenge Winner: Phi Phi O'Hara
Main Challenge: Participate in a Presidential debate as the 2012 Wig Party candidate
Runway Theme: Inaugural Drag
Challenge Winner: Sharon Needles
Challenge Prize: A $5,000 gift certificate from Interior Illusions Home
Bottom Two: DiDa Ritz and Latrice Royale
Lip-Sync Song: "I've Got to Use My Imagination" by Gladys Knight & The Pips
Eliminated: DiDa Ritz
Farewell Message: "Ms. Cheese loves you! Stay true 2 U girl Chad, needles, latrice XXX P.S. Phi Phi: Thank love u"
47	10	"DILFs: Dads I'd Like to Frock"	April 2, 2012
RuPaul reveals that the judges have voted back Kenya Michaels, and she officially returns to the competition. For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will give a teddy bear a makeover. Kenya Michaels wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will makeover a DILF into a pregnant drag diva.

On the runway, Chad Michaels and Phi Phi O'Hara receive positive critiques, with Phi Phi O'Hara winning the challenge. Kenya Michaels, Latrice Royale and Sharon Needles receive negative critiques, with Sharon Needles being safe. Kenya Michaels and Latrice Royale lip-sync to "(You Make Me Feel Like) A Natural Woman" by Aretha Franklin. Latrice Royale wins the lip-sync and Kenya Michaels sashays away.

Guest Judges: Jesse Tyler Ferguson and Jennifer Love Hewitt
Returned: Kenya Michaels
Mini-Challenge: Give a teddy bear a makeover
Mini-Challenge Winner: Kenya Michaels
Main Challenge: Makeover a DILF into a pregnant drag diva
Challenge Winner: Phi Phi O'Hara
Challenge Prize: A trip for two to Las Vegas courtesy of Al & Chuck Travel
Bottom Two: Kenya Michaels and Latrice Royale
Lip-Sync Song: "(You Make Me Feel Like) A Natural Woman" by Aretha Franklin
Eliminated: Kenya Michaels
Farewell Message: "Girl I say goodbye again! Thank your love. When I left this competition, I felt loved. I love you, and the winner is... I don't know. Kiss K.M."
48	11	"The Fabulous Bitch Ball"	April 9, 2012
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will have a bitch fest with puppets. Chad Michaels wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will create three looks for the Bitch Ball: Daytime Dog Park, Pooch in a Purse and Canine Couture, an outfit inspired by an actual dog.

Chad Michaels - Chinese Crested Dog
Latrice Royale - Pomeranian Dog
Phi Phi O'Hara - Bloodhound Dog
Sharon Needles - Poodle Dog
On the runway, Phi Phi O'Hara and Sharon Needles receive positive critiques, with Sharon Needles winning the challenge. Chad Michaels and Latrice Royale receive negative critiques, are announced as the bottom two. They lip-sync to "No One Else on Earth" by Wynonna Judd. Chad Michaels wins the lip-sync and Latrice Royale sashays away.

Guest Judges: Rose McGowan and Wynonna Judd
Mini-Challenge: Everybody Loves Puppets
Mini-Challenge Winner: Chad Michaels
Main Challenge: The Bitch Ball
Runway Themes: Daytime Dog Park, Pooch in a Purse and Canine Couture
Challenge Winner: Sharon Needles
Challenge Prize: Crystal flower body jewelry made by Marianna Harutunian
Bottom Two: Chad Michaels and Latrice Royale
Lip-Sync Song: "No One Else on Earth" by Wynonna Judd
Eliminated: Latrice Royale
Farewell Message: "My divas Remember who you are, and what you stand for I love you and miss you all. Stay fierce!! Latrice Royale"
49	12	"RuPaul Rewind"	April 16, 2012
A look back on the highlights, low-lights, and previously unseen footage from the season as we race toward the climactic grand finale! RuPaul is joined by Shannel (season 1), Pandora Boxx (season 2) and Mariah (season 3) as they look back over the top 10 fits of fashion from the season so far. This episode also included a few clips of queens who didn't make it on the season, among them, Alaska, who later became a contestant on season 5. Magnolia Crawford, Joslyn Fox and April Carrión, who later became contestants on season 6 and Mrs. Kasha Davis, who later became a contestant on season 7.
50	13	"The Final Three"	April 23, 2012
For the final challenge of the season, the queens will star in RuPaul's music video "Glamazon" and act in a dramatic scene with RuPaul.

On the runway, category is Best Drag. It is announced that all three finalists will lip-sync to "Glamazon" by RuPaul. In a twist, RuPaul does not crown a queen, and says that the winner will be announced next episode in front of a live audience.

Special Guests: Candis Cayne and Mathu Andersen
Main Challenge: Star in RuPaul's music video "Glamazon" and act in a dramatic scene with RuPaul
Runway Theme: Best Drag
Lip-Sync Song: "Glamazon" by RuPaul
Eliminated: None
51	14	"Reunited"	April 30, 2012
For the first time in Drag Race history, the queens sit in front of RuPaul in front of a live audience. Ru catches up with all the eliminated queens. She then invites out Willam and she reveals that she invited over her husband to her hotel, which is a clear breach of the contract. It is announced that Latrice Royale is this season's Miss Congeniality. It is then announced that Sharon Needles is the winner, leaving Chad Michaels and Phi Phi O'Hara as the runners-up.

Miss Congeniality: Latrice Royale
Runners-up: Chad Michaels and Phi Phi O'Hara
Winner of RuPaul's Drag Race Season Four: Sharon Needles


No.
overall	No. in
season	Title	Original air date
52	1	"RuPaullywood or Bust"	January 28, 2013
Fourteen new queens enter the workroom. For the first mini-challenge, the queens will do an underwater photoshoot. Detox wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will create a Hollywood realness and glamour outfit made from items found in a dumpster.

On the runway, Alaska, Ivy Winters, Lineysha Sparx and Roxxxy Andrews receive positive critiques, with Roxxxy Andrews winning the challenge. Jade Jolie, Penny Tration and Serena ChaCha receive negative critiques, with Jade Jolie being safe. Penny Tration and Serena ChaCha lip-sync to "Party in the U.S.A." by Miley Cyrus. Serena ChaCha wins the lip-sync and Penny Tration is the first queen to sashay away.

Guest Judges: Camille Grammer and Mike Ruiz
Mini-Challenge: Underwater photoshoot
Mini-Challenge Winner: Detox
Main Challenge: Create a Hollywood realness and glamour outfit made from items found in a dumpster
Challenge Winner: Roxxxy Andrews
Main Challenge Prize: A custom gown by Marco Marco
Bottom Two: Penny Tration and Serena ChaCha
Lip-Sync Song: "Party in the U.S.A." by Miley Cyrus
Eliminated: Penny Tration
Farewell message: "You ARE ALL STARS smooches PT"
53	2	"Lip Sync Extravaganza Eleganza"	February 4, 2013
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will lip-sync to one of RuPaul's songs with only your mouth visible. Detox, Ivy Winters and Serena ChaCha win the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will lip-sync and re-enact a famous scene from a past season of RuPaul's Drag Race Untucked.

Team Detox (Season 4): Alaska, Coco Montrese, Detox and Monica Beverly Hillz
Team Ivy Winters (Season 2): Honey Mahogany, Ivy Winters, Lineysha Sparx and Vivienne Pinay
Team Serena ChaCha (Season 3): Alyssa Edwards, Jade Jolie, Jinkx Monsoon, Roxxxy Andrews and Serena ChaCha
On the runway, category is Best Drag. Team Ivy Winters is the winning team, with Lineysha Sparx winning the challenge. Team Detox and Team Serena ChaCha are the losing teams. Monica Beverly Hillz and Serena ChaCha receive negative critiques, and are announced as the bottom two. They lip-sync to "Only Girl (In the World)" by Rihanna. Monica Beverly Hillz wins the lip-sync and Serena ChaCha sashays away.

Guest Judges: Kristen Johnston and Juliette Lewis
Mini-Challenge: Lip-sync to one of RuPaul's songs with only your mouth visible
Mini-Challenge Winners: Detox, Ivy Winters and Serena ChaCha
Main Challenge: Lip-sync and re-enact a famous scene from a past season of RuPaul's Drag Race Untucked
Runway Theme: Best Drag
Challenge Winner: Lineysha Sparx
Main Challenge Prize: A custom latex garment from Syren Latex
Bottom Two: Monica Beverly Hillz and Serena ChaCha
Lip-Sync Song: "Only Girl (In the World)" by Rihanna
Eliminated: Serena ChaCha
Farewell Message: "God bless America, Viva Panama, Keep bearing light QUEENS xoxo Serena ChaCha"
54	3	"Draggle Rock"	February 11, 2013
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will create a mannequin doll in pairs for "America's Junior Drag Superstar" pageant. Alaska and Lineysha Sparx win the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will split into two teams and star in two different children's TV shows.

Team Alaska: Alaska, Alyssa Edwards, Detox, Monica Beverly Hillz, Roxxxy Andrews and Vivienne Pinay
Team Lineysha Sparx: Coco Montrese, Honey Mahogany, Ivy Winters, Jade Jolie, Jinkx Monsoon and Lineysha Sparx
On the runway, category is Pretty in Pink. Detox, Jinkx Monsoon and Roxxxy Andrews receive positive critiques, with Detox winning the challenge. Alaska, Coco Montrese, Monica Beverly Hillz and Vivienne Pinay receive negative critiques, with Alaska and Vivienne Pinay being safe. Coco Montrese and Monica Beverly Hillz lip-sync to "When I Grow Up" by The Pussycat Dolls. Coco Montrese wins the lip-sync and Monica Beverly Hillz sashays away.

Guest Judges: Coco Austin and Paulina Porizkova
Mini-Challenge: Create a mannequin doll in pairs for "America's Junior Drag Superstar" pageant
Mini-Challenge Winners: Alaska and Lineysha Sparx
Main Challenge: In teams, star in two different children's TV shows
Runway Theme: Pretty in Pink
Challenge Winner: Detox
Main Challenge Prize: A wig wardrobe from New Attitude Wigs
Bottom Two: Coco Montrese and Monica Beverly Hillz
Lip-Sync Song: "When I Grow Up" by The Pussycat Dolls
Eliminated: Monica Beverly Hillz
Farewell Message: "Love all of u guys, And never be a victim -♡- Monica Beverly Hillz"
55	4	"Black Swan: Why It Gotta Be Black?"	February 18, 2013
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will do a Soul Train dance-off. Coco Montrese and Jinkx Monsoon win the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will split into two teams and perform in two different ballet acts about RuPaul's life.

Team Coco Montrese: Alyssa Edwards, Coco Montrese, Detox, Honey Mahogany, Roxxxy Andrews and Vivienne Pinay
Team Jinkx Monsoon: Alaska, Ivy Winters, Jade Jolie, Jinkx Monsoon and Lineysha Sparx
On the runway, category is Divalicious. Alyssa Edwards, Ivy Winters and Jinkx Monsoon receive positive critiques, with Alyssa Edwards winning the challenge. Honey Mahogany, Roxxxy Andrews and Vivienne Pinay receive negative critiques, with Roxxxy Andrews being safe. Honey Mahogany and Vivienne Pinay lip-sync to "Oops!... I Did It Again" by Britney Spears. After a very underwhelming lip-sync, RuPaul eliminates both Honey and Vivienne from the competition.

Guest Judges: Chaz Bono and Travis Wall
Mini-Challenge: Soul Train dance-off
Mini-Challenge Winners: Coco Montrese and Jinkx Monsoon
Main Challenge: In two teams, perform two different ballet acts about RuPaul's life
Runway Theme: Divalicious
Challenge Winner: Alyssa Edwards
Main Challenge Prize: A custom feather headpiece from Mother Plucker
Bottom Two: Honey Mahogany and Vivienne Pinay
Lip-Sync Song: "Oops!... I Did It Again" by Britney Spears
Eliminated: Honey Mahogany and Vivienne Pinay
Honey Mahogany's Farewell Message: "Keep on loving each other, we will meet again, I can't wait. All my l♡ve, Honey Mahogany"
Vivienne Pinay's Farewell Message: "I love all my girls! Here's to the revolution of the FISH! ♡ Always, Vivienne Pinay"
56	5	"Snatch Game"	February 25, 2013
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens must style a cuddler into a red carpet ready look for an Us Weekly fashion face-off. Alyssa Edwards, Detox and Roxxxy Andrews win the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will play the Snatch Game. Julie Brown and Downtown Julie Brown star as the celebrity contestants. The cast consisted of:

Alaska as Lady Bunny
Alyssa Edwards as Katy Perry
Coco Montrese as Janet Jackson
Detox as Ke$ha
Ivy Winters as Marilyn Monroe
Jade Jolie as Taylor Swift
Jinkx Monsoon as Little Edie
Lineysha Sparx as Celia Cruz
Roxxxy Andrews as Tamar Braxton
On the runway, category is Deadliest Snatch Glamour. Alaska, Jinkx Monsoon and Roxxxy Andrews receive positive critiques, with Jinkx Monsoon winning the challenge. Detox, Ivy Winters and Lineysha Sparx receive negative critiques, with Ivy Winters being safe. Detox and Lineysha Sparx lip-sync to "Take Me Home" by Cher. Detox wins the lip-sync and Lineysha Sparx sashays away.

Guest Judges: Julie Brown and Downtown Julie Brown
Mini-Challenge: Style a cuddler into a red carpet ready look for an Us Weekly fashion face-off
Mini-Challenge Winners: Alyssa Edwards, Detox, Roxxxy Andrews
Main Challenge: Snatch Game
Runway Theme: Deadliest Snatch Glamour
Challenge Winner: Jinkx Monsoon
Main Challenge Prize: A custom jewel package from Fierce Drag Jewels
Bottom Two: Detox and Lineysha Sparx
Lip-Sync Song: "Take Me Home" by Cher
Eliminated: Lineysha Sparx
Farewell Message: "Latino shade. It was a pleasure to meet you girls, Thanks for your friendship. XOXO Kiss and hugs! Lineysha Sparx"
57	6	"Can I Get an Amen?"	March 4, 2013
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will apply drag makeup in the dark. Detox wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will record a "We Are the World"-inspired anthem, "Can I Get An Amen?".

Verse 1: Alyssa Edwards and Coco Montrese
Verse 2: Ivy Winters, Jade Jolie and Jinkx Monsoon
Bridge: Alaska, Detox and Roxxxy Andrews
On the runway, category is My Favorite Body Part. Ivy Winters, Jinkx Monsoon and Roxxxy Andrews receive positive critiques, with Ivy Winters winning the challenge. Alyssa Edwards, Coco Montrese and Jade Jolie receive negative critiques, with Alyssa Edwards being safe. Coco Montrese and Jade Jolie lip-sync to "I'm So Excited" by The Pointer Sisters. Coco Montrese wins the lip-sync and Jade Jolie sashays away.

Guest Judges: La Toya Jackson and The Pointer Sisters (Anita and Ruth)
Mini-Challenge: Apply drag makeup in the dark
Mini-Challenge Winner: Detox
Main Challenge: Record a "We Are the World"-inspired anthem, "Can I Get An Amen?"
Runway Theme: My Favorite Body Part
Challenge Winner: Ivy Winters
Main Challenge Prize: A Flight 001 luggage package
Bottom Two: Coco Montrese and Jade Jolie
Lip-Sync Song: "I'm So Excited" by The Pointer Sisters
Eliminated: Jade Jolie
Farewell Message: "Cheers to my fish, fabulous and fierce sisters. I ♡ you all, Jade J."
58	7	"The RuPaul Roast"	March 11, 2013
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will read each other to filth. Alaska wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will perform a roast of RuPaul, the judges, and the fellow queens in front of a live audience.

On the runway, Alaska, Coco Montrese and Jinkx Monsoon receive positive critiques, with Coco Montrese winning the challenge. Alyssa Edwards, Ivy Winters and Roxxxy Andrews receive negative critiques, with Ivy Winters being safe. Alyssa Edwards and Roxxxy Andrews lip-sync to "Whip My Hair" by Willow Smith. They are both declared the winners of the lip-sync and no one goes home.

Guest Judges: Leslie Jordan and Jeffrey Moran
Mini-Challenge: Reading is Fundamental
Mini-Challenge Winner: Alaska
Main Challenge: Perform a roast of RuPaul, the judges, and the fellow queens in front of a live audience
Challenge Winner: Coco Montrese
Main Challenge Prize: A custom gown from Sequin Queen
Bottom Two: Alyssa Edwards and Roxxxy Andrews
Lip-Sync Song: "Whip My Hair" by Willow Smith
Eliminated: None
59	8	"Scent of a Drag Queen"	March 18, 2013
For the mini-challenge, the queens will match the pit crew wearing the same pairs of underwear. Ivy Winters wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will create, market and film a commercial for a signature fragrance.

Alaska - Red for Filth
Alyssa Edwards - Alyssa's Secret
Coco Montrese - Ru Animale by Coco
Detox - Heroine
Ivy Winters - Dress Code
Jinkx Monsoon - Delusion
Roxxxy Andrews - Thick and Juicy
On the runway, Alaska, Detox and Jinkx Monsoon receive positive critiques, with Alaska winning the challenge. Alyssa Edwards, Ivy Winters and Roxxxy Andrews receive negative critiques, with Roxxxy Andrews being safe. Alyssa Edwards and Ivy Winters lip-sync to "Ain't Nothin' Goin' on But the Rent" by Gwen Guthrie. Alyssa Edwards wins the lip-sync and Ivy Winters sashays away.

Guest Judges: Aubrey O'Day and Joan Van Ark
Mini-Challenge: Match the pit crew wearing the same pairs of underwear
Mini-Challenge Winner: Ivy Winters
Main Challenge: Create, market, and film a commercial for a signature fragrance
Challenge Winner: Alaska
Main Challenge Prize: A selection of handmade corsets from Corset Connection
Bottom Two: Alyssa Edwards and Ivy Winters
Lip-Sync Song: "Ain't Nothin' Goin' on But the Rent" by Gwen Guthrie
Eliminated: Ivy Winters
Farewell Message: "Love you girls so much!! You always have a friend in me! XOXO Ivy"
60	9	"Drama Queens"	April 1, 2013
For the mini-challenge, the queens must create a fake "sob story" and produce real tears for RuPaul. Alyssa Edwards and Detox win the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will star in a faux Latin telenovela.

Team Alyssa Edwards: Alyssa Edwards, Coco Montrese and Jinkx Monsoon
Team Detox: Alaska, Detox and Roxxxy Andrews
On the runway, category is Spanish Telenovela Realness. Alaska, Jinkx Monsoon and Roxxxy Andrews receive positive critiques, with Jinkx Monsoon winning the challenge. Alyssa Edwards, Coco Montrese and Detox receive negative critiques, with Detox being safe. Alyssa Edwards and Coco Montrese lip-sync to "Cold Hearted" by Paula Abdul. Coco Montrese wins the lip-sync and Alyssa Edwards sashays away.

Guest Judges: María Conchita Alonso and Jamie-Lynn Sigler
Mini-Challenge: Create a fake "sob story" and produce real tears for RuPaul
Mini-Challenge Winners: Alyssa Edwards and Detox
Main Challenge: Star in a faux Latin telenovela
Runway Theme: Spanish Telenovela Realness
Challenge Winner: Jinkx Monsoon
Main Challenge Prize: A pair of fur coats from Fabulous-Furs
Bottom Two: Alyssa Edwards and Coco Montrese
Lip-Sync Song: "Cold Hearted" by Paula Abdul
Eliminated: Alyssa Edwards
Farewell Message: "The sky is the limit when your ♡ 's in it. Don't dream it, be it. Always and forever, Alyssa"
61	10	"Super Troopers"	April 8, 2013
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens must last as long as possible in drag booty camp with a fitness trainer. Alaska wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will makeover a gay veteran.

On the runway, Jinkx Monsoon and Roxxxy Andrews receive positive critiques, with Roxxxy Andrews winning the challenge. Alaska, Coco Montrese and Detox receive negative critiques, with Alaska being safe. Coco Montrese and Detox lip-sync to "(It Takes) Two to Make It Right" by Seduction. Detox wins the lip-sync and Coco Montrese sashays away.

Guest Judges: Clinton Kelly and George Kotsiopoulos
Mini-Challenge: Last as long as possible in drag booty camp with a fitness trainer
Mini-Challenge Winner: Alaska
Main Challenge: Makeover gay veterans
Challenge Winner: Roxxxy Andrews
Main Challenge Prize: A shopping spree at American Apparel
Bottom Two: Coco Montrese and Detox
Lip-Sync Song: "(It Takes) Two to Make It Right" by Seduction
Eliminated: Coco Montrese
Farewell Message: "I love you all, Give them hell girls. Love, Coco M"
62	11	"The Sugar Ball"	April 15, 2013
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will have a bitchfest with puppets. Alaska wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will create three looks for the Sugar Ball: Super Duper Sweet 16, Sugar Mama and Candy Couture, an outfit made entirely out of candy.

On the runway, Alaska and Roxxxy Andrews receive positive critiques, with Alaska winning the challenge. Detox and Jinkx Monsoon receive negative critiques are announced as the bottom two. They lip-sync to "Malambo No. 1" by Yma Sumac. Jinkx Monsoon wins the lip-sync and Detox sashays away.

Guest Judges: Marg Helgenberger and Bob Mackie
Mini-Challenge: Everybody Loves Puppets
Mini-Challenge Winner: Alaska
Main Challenge: The Sugar Ball
Runway Themes: Super Duper Sweet 16, Sugar Mama, and Candy Couture
Challenge Winner: Alaska
Main Challenge Prize: A private portrait session with Austin Young
Bottom Two: Detox and Jinkx Monsoon
Lip-Sync Song: "Malambo No. 1" by Yma Sumac
Eliminated: Detox
Farewell Message: "Condragulations grillz! Go F****** Kill Them! Rolaskatox 4EVAAAHH! ♡ Detox"
63	12	"The Final Three, Hunty!"	April 22, 2013
For the final challenge of the season, the queens will star in RuPaul's music video "The Beginning" and shoot a courtroom scene.

On the runway, category is Best Drag. Alaska, Jinkx Monsoon and Roxxxy Andrews lip-sync to "The Beginning" by RuPaul. They are told that the winner will be announced at the live finale.

Special Guests: Gloria Allred, Candis Cayne and Mathu Anderson
Main Challenge: Star in RuPaul's music video "The Beginning" and shoot a courtroom scene
Runway Theme: Best Drag
Lip-Sync Song: "The Beginning" by RuPaul
Eliminated: None
64	13	"Countdown to the Crown"	April 29, 2013
A look back on the highlights, low-lights, and previously unseen footage from the season as we race toward the climactic crowning of America's Next Drag Superstar. With guest appearances by Latrice Royale, Willam, and Sharon Needles.
65	14	"Reunited"	May 6, 2013
All the queens are brought back for the live finale. It is revealed that Ivy Winters is this season's Miss Congeniality. It is then announced that Jinkx Monsoon is the winner, leaving Alaska and Roxxxy Andrews as the runners-up.

Finals venue: El Portal Theater, Los Angeles, California
Miss Congeniality: Ivy Winters
Runners-up: Alaska and Roxxxy Andrews
Winner of RuPaul's Drag Race Season Five: Jinkx Monsoon


No.
overall	No. in
season	Title	Original air date
66	1	"RuPaul's Big Opening #1"	February 24, 2014[a]
Seven new queens enter the workroom. RuPaul then announces that this season will be a split premiere. For the first mini-challenge, the queens will do a photoshoot while jumping off a platform. Laganja Estranja wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will create an outfit inspired by a TV show.

Adore Delano - Here Comes Honey Boo Boo
April Carrión - Duck Dynasty
BenDeLaCreme - The Golden Girls
Gia Gunn - Keeping Up with the Kardashians
Kelly Mantle - Downton Abbey
Laganja Estranja - Dancing with the Stars
Vivacious - Game of Thrones
On the runway, April Carrión, BenDeLaCreme and Gia Gunn receive positive critiques, with BenDeLaCreme winning the challenge. Adore Delano, Kelly Mantle and Vivacious receive negative critiques, with Adore Delano being safe. Kelly Mantle and Vivacious lip-sync to "Express Yourself" by Madonna. Vivacious wins the lip-sync and Kelly Mantle is the first queen to sashay away.

Guest Judges: Adam Lambert and Mike Ruiz
Mini-Challenge: Photoshoot while jumping off a platform
Mini-Challenge Winner: Laganja Estranja
Main Challenge: Create an outfit inspired by a TV show
Challenge Winner: BenDeLaCreme
Challenge Prize: A custom jewel package by Fierce Drag Jewels
Bottom Two: Kelly Mantle and Vivacious
Lip-Sync Song: "Express Yourself" by Madonna
Eliminated: Kelly Mantle
Farewell Message: "Love u girlz! Rock your Pussies! XOXO Kelly Mantle P.S. Eat my Bacon!"
67	2	"RuPaul's Big Opening #2"	March 3, 2014
The remaining seven queens enter the workroom. For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will do a boudoir pillow fight with the pit crew photoshoot. Trinity K. Bonet wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will create an outfit inspired by party supplies.

Bianca Del Rio - Luau Party
Courtney Act - Republican Party
Darienne Lake - St. Patrick's Day Party
Joslyn Fox - Quinceañera
Magnolia Crawford - Hoedown
Milk - Toga Party
Trinity K. Bonet - Princess Party
On the runway, Bianca Del Rio, Milk and Trinity K. Bonet receive positive critiques, with Bianca Del Rio winning the challenge. Darienne Lake, Joslyn Fox and Magnolia Crawford receive negative critiques, with Joslyn Fox being safe. Darienne Lake and Magnolia Crawford lip-sync to "Turn the Beat Around" by Vicki Sue Robinson. Darienne Lake wins the lip-sync and Magnolia Crawford sashays away.

Guest Judge: Khloe Kardashian
Mini-Challenge: Boudoir pillow fight with the pit crew photoshoot
Mini-Challenge Winner: Trinity K. Bonet
Main Challenge: Create an outfit inspired by party supplies
Challenge Winner: Bianca Del Rio
Challenge Prize: A $2,500 shopping spree from Fabric Planet
Bottom Two: Darienne Lake and Magnolia Crawford
Lip-Sync Song: "Turn the Beat Around" by Vicki Sue Robinson
Eliminated: Magnolia Crawford
Farewell Message: "ZOMG! Love you girlie girls! xoxo - Magnolia"
68	3	"Scream Queens"	March 10, 2014
The remaining twelve queens meet for the first time. For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will pair up and create a beach themed lip-sync. Adore Delano and Milk win the mini-challenge. For this week's main challenge, the queens will team up and star in horror film trailers for "Drag Race Me to Hell".

Team Adore Delano: Adore Delano, April Carrión, BenDeLaCreme, Gia Gunn, Laganja Estranja and Vivacious
Team Milk: Bianca Del Rio, Courtney Act, Darienne Lake, Joslyn Fox, Milk and Trinity K. Bonet
On the runway, category is Best Drag. Team Milk is the winning team, with Darienne Lake winning the challenge. Team Adore Delano is the losing team. Adore Delano, April Carrión and Vivacious receive negative critiques, with Adore Delano being safe. April Carrión and Vivacious lip-sync to "Shake It Up" by Selena Gomez. April Carrión wins the lip-sync and Vivacious sashays away.

Guest Judges: Lena Headey and Linda Blair
Mini-Challenge: Create a beach themed lip-sync in pairs
Mini-Challenge Winners: Adore Delano and Milk
Main Challenge: In teams, star in horror film trailers for "Drag Race Me to Hell"
Runway Theme: Best Drag
Challenge Winner: Darienne Lake
Challenge Prize: A 5-night stay at Island House Key West Resort
Bottom Two: April Carrión and Vivacious
Lip-Sync Song: "Shake It Up" by Selena Gomez
Eliminated: Vivacious
Farewell Message: "Girls you will be missed. Take the world by storm, educate the masses. Get it, rearrange it, internalize it. Turn it. - Vivacious"
69	4	"Shade: The Rusical"	March 17, 2014
For the mini-challenge, the queens must guess a mashed up photo of someone and decide if it's a celebrity, or a drag queen. Adore Delano and BenDeLaCreme win the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will sing live in Shade: The Rusical.

Team Adore Delano:

Adore Delano plays Bad Penny
April Carrión plays Bertha
Joslyn Fox plays Amanda
Laganja Estranja plays Showgirl
Milk plays Les Mizabella
Team BenDeLaCreme:

BenDeLaCreme plays Shady Lady
Bianca Del Rio and Trinity K. Bonet play Pageant Queens
Courtney Act plays Good Penny
Darienne Lake and Gia Gunn play Comedy Queens
On the runway, category is Tony Award Realness. Adore Delano, BenDeLaCreme and Courtney Act receive positive critiques, with Courtney Act winning the challenge. April Carrión, Darienne Lake and Trinity K. Bonet receive negative critiques, with Darienne Lake being safe. April Carrión and Trinity K. Bonet lip-sync to "I'm Every Woman" by Chaka Khan. Trinity K. Bonet wins the lip-sync and April Carrión sashays away.

Guest Judges: Lucian Piane and Sheryl Lee Ralph
Mini-Challenge: Female or She-male?[17]
Mini-Challenge Winner: Adore Delano and BenDeLaCreme
Main Challenge: Shade: The Rusical
Runway Theme: Tony Award Realness
Challenge Winner: Courtney Act
Challenge Prize: 2 VIP packages to the Broadway musical Kinky Boots
Bottom Two: April Carrión and Trinity K. Bonet
Lip-Sync Song: "I'm Every Woman" by Chaka Khan
Eliminated: April Carrión
Farewell Message: "Love you girls, Echa' pa' lante, See you soon ♡ April"
70	5	"Snatch Game"	March 24, 2014
For this week's main challenge, the queens will play the Snatch Game. Gillian Jacobs and Heather McDonald star as the celebrity contestants. The cast consisted of:

Adore Delano as Anna Nicole Smith
BenDeLaCreme as Maggie Smith
Bianca Del Rio as Judge Judy
Courtney Act as Fran Drescher
Darienne Lake as Paula Deen
Gia Gunn as Kim Kardashian
Joslyn Fox as Teresa Giudice
Laganja Estranja as Rachel Zoe
Milk as Julia Child
Trinity K. Bonet as Nicki Minaj
On the runway, category is Night of a Thousand RuPaul's. Adore Delano, BenDeLaCreme and Bianca Del Rio receive positive critiques, with BenDeLaCreme winning the challenge. Gia Gunn, Milk and Laganja Estranja receive negative critiques, with Milk being safe. Gia Gunn and Laganja Estranja lip-sync to "Head to Toe" by Lisa Lisa & Cult Jam. Laganja Estranja wins the lip-sync and Gia Gunn sashays away.

Guest Judges: Gillian Jacobs and Heather McDonald
Main Challenge: Snatch Game
Runway Theme: Night of a Thousand RuPaul's
Challenge Winner: BenDeLaCreme
Challenge Prize: 2 couture outfits from Syren Latex
Bottom Two: Gia Gunn and Laganja Estranja
Lip-Sync Song: "Head to Toe" by Lisa Lisa & Cult Jam
Eliminated: Gia Gunn
Farewell Message: "Bring out the big Gunns dudes. xoxo Gia Gunn"
71	6	"Oh No, She Betta Don't!"	March 31, 2014
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will read each other to filth. Darienne Lake wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will write, record, and perform verses to "Oh No She Betta Don't".

Team Panty Ho's: Adore Delano, Bianca Del Rio, Courtney Act, Darienne Lake and Laganja Estranja
Team Ru-Tang Clan: BenDeLaCreme, Joslyn Fox, Milk and Trinity K. Bonet
On the runway, category is Crazy, Sexy, Cool. Adore Delano, Bianca Del Rio and Joslyn Fox receive positive critiques, with Adore Delano winning the challenge. Darienne Lake, Milk and Trinity K. Bonet receive negative critiques, with Darienne Lake being safe. Milk and Trinity K. Bonet lip-sync to "Whatta Man" by Salt-n-Pepa with En Vogue. Trinity K. Bonet wins the lip-sync and Milk sashays away.

Guest Judges: Eve and Trina
Mini-Challenge: Reading is Fundamental
Mini-Challenge Winner: Darienne Lake
Main Challenge: Write, record, and perform verses to "Oh No She Betta Don't"
Challenge Winner: Adore Delano
Runway Theme: Crazy, Sexy, Cool
Challenge Prize: A collection of custom-made jewelry
Bottom Two: Milk and Trinity K. Bonet
Lip-Sync Song: "Whatta Man" by Salt-n-Pepa with En Vogue
Eliminated: Milk
Farewell Message: "It's Milkin' time! ♡ you girls! Big + scary forever (drawing of cow udders)"
72	7	"Glamazon by Colorevolution"	April 7, 2014
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will design nails and hand model different fruits and vegetables. Laganja Estranja wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will pair up and film an infomercial for RuPaul's Glamazon Cosmetics.

Adore Delano and Laganja Estranja
BenDeLaCreme and Darienne Lake
Bianca Del Rio and Trinity K. Bonet
Courtney Act and Joslyn Fox
On the runway, category is Black and White Drama. Adore Delano, Bianca Del Rio, Laganja Estranja and Trinity K. Bonet receive positive critiques, with Adore Delano and Laganja Estranja both winning the challenge. BenDeLaCreme, Courtney Act, Darienne Lake and Joslyn Fox receive negative critiques, with Courtney Act and Joslyn Fox being safe. BenDeLaCreme and Darienne Lake lip-sync to "Point of No Return" by Exposé. Darienne Lake is declared the winner of the lip-sync, but Ben is saved and no one goes home.

Guest Judges: Leah Remini and Lainie Kazan
Mini-Challenge: Design nails and hand model different fruits and vegetables
Mini-Challenge Winner: Laganja Estranja
Main Challenge: In pairs, film an infomercial for RuPaul's Glamazon Cosmetics
Runway Theme: Black and White Drama
Challenge Winners: Adore Delano and Laganja Estranja
Challenge Prize: A collection of skincare products from Lather
Bottom Two: BenDeLaCreme and Darienne Lake
Lip-Sync Song: "Point of No Return" by Exposé
Eliminated: None
73	8	"Drag Queens of Comedy"	April 7, 2014
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will lip-sync to a RuPaul song upside down. Joslyn Fox wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will perform a stand-up comedy act in front of the judges and a live audience.

On the runway, Bianca Del Rio, Darienne Lake and Trinity K. Bonet receive positive critiques, with Bianca Del Rio winning the challenge. BenDeLaCreme, Joslyn Fox and Laganja Estranja receive negative critiques, with BenDeLaCreme being safe. Joslyn Fox and Laganja Estranja lip-sync to "Stupid Girls" by Pink. Joslyn Fox wins the lip-sync and Laganja Estranja sashays away.

Guest Judges: Bruce Vilanch and Jaime Pressly
Mini-Challenge: Lip-sync to a RuPaul song upside down
Mini-Challenge Winner: Joslyn Fox
Main Challenge: Perform a stand-up comedy act in front of the judges and a live audience
Challenge Winner: Bianca Del Rio
Challenge Prize: A one-of-a-kind gown designed by Marco Marco
Bottom Two: Joslyn Fox and Laganja Estranja
Lip-Sync Song: "Stupid Girls" by Pink
Eliminated: Laganja Estranja
Farewell Message: "xoxo, Ganja"
74	9	"Drag Queens of Talk"	April 14, 2014
For the mini-challenge, the queens play "Hung Men", a hangman inspired challenge. BenDeLaCreme wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will guest host The RuPaul Show and interview Chaz Bono and Georgia Holt.

On the runway, category is Animal Kingdom Couture. BenDeLaCreme and Courtney Act receive positive critiques, with Courtney Act winning the challenge. Adore Delano, Joslyn Fox and Trinity K. Bonet receive negative critiques, with Joslyn Fox being safe. Adore Delano and Trinity K. Bonet lip-sync to "Vibeology" by Paula Abdul. Adore Delano wins the lip-sync and Trinity K. Bonet sashays away.

Guest Judges: Chaz Bono, Georgia Holt, and Paula Abdul
Mini-Challenge: "Hung Men", a hangman inspired challenge
Mini-Challenge Winner: BenDeLaCreme
Main Challenge: Guest host The RuPaul Show and interview Chaz Bono and Georgia Holt
Runway Theme: Animal Kingdom Couture
Challenge Winner: Courtney Act
Challenge Prize: A wig wardrobe from Outfiters Wig and a one-year haircare supply from Aquage
Bottom Two: Adore Delano and Trinity K. Bonet
Lip-Sync Song: "Vibeology" by Paula Abdul
Eliminated: Trinity K. Bonet
Farewell Message: "Be cool, Be nice, Be you. xoxo TKB"
75	10	"Drag My Wedding"	April 21, 2014
For the mini-challenge, the queens will do abstract paintings using their bodies in honor of same-sex marriage . Bianca Del Rio wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will makeover grooms into brides for a drag wedding with their spouses.

On the runway, BenDeLaCreme and Bianca Del Rio receive positive critiques, with Bianca Del Rio winning the challenge. Adore Delano, Darienne Lake and Joslyn Fox receive negative critiques, with Darienne Lake being safe. Adore Delano and Joslyn Fox lip-sync to "Think" by Aretha Franklin. Adore Delano wins the lip-sync and Joslyn Fox sashays away.

Guest Judges: Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka
Mini-Challenge: Do abstract paintings using their bodies in honor of same-sex marriage
Mini-Challenge Winner: Bianca Del Rio
Main Challenge: Makeover grooms into brides for a drag wedding with their spouses
Challenge Winner: Bianca Del Rio
Challenge Prize: A trip for two to Hawaii
Bottom Two: Adore Delano and Joslyn Fox
Lip-Sync Song: "Think" by Aretha Franklin
Eliminated: Joslyn Fox
Farewell Message: "Forever Sisters: Keep It Foxy! Love Your Guts! Joslyn ♡"
76	11	"The Glitter Ball"	April 28, 2014
For the mini-challenge, the queens will have a bitchfest with puppets. BenDeLaCreme wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will create three looks for the Glitter Ball: Banjee Girl Bling, Platinum Card Executive Realness and Dripping in Jewels Eleganza, an outfit inspired by an actual jewel.

Adore Delano - Diamond
BenDeLaCreme - Rose Quartz
Bianca Del Rio - Sapphire
Courtney Act - Ruby
Darienne Lake - Topaz
On the runway, Adore Delano and Bianca Del Rio receive positive critiques, with Adore Delano winning the challenge. BenDeLaCreme, Courtney Act and Darienne Lake receive negative critiques, with Courtney Act being safe. BenDeLaCreme and Darienne Lake lip-sync to "Stronger (What Doesn't Kill You)" by Kelly Clarkson. Darienne Lake wins the lip-sync and BenDeLaCreme sashays away.

Guest Judges: Bob Mackie and Khloe Kardashian
Mini-Challenge: Everybody Loves Puppets
Mini-Challenge Winner: BenDeLaCreme
Main Challenge: The Glitter Ball
Runway Themes: Banjee Girl Bling, Platinum Card Executive Realness, and Dripping in Jewels Eleganza
Challenge Winner: Adore Delano
Main Challenge Prize: A costume from Kicka Custom Design
Bottom Two: BenDeLaCreme and Darienne Lake
Lip-Sync Song: "Stronger (What Doesn't Kill You)" by Kelly Clarkson
Eliminated: BenDeLaCreme
Farewell message: "Dear top 4- howz it going? I'm doing pretty good. Sometimes you have to have Mama Ru yell atcha a bunch of times before it sinks in. I guess I never reached that number of times, Darian. I knew the second I was up against you i waz out the door. You get it lady. I wish you all the luck in the world and only harbor enough resentment to write a long pointless message that you will have to clean and clean and clean and clean. But fo real tho you girlz are my heroes. XX BDLC"
77	12	"Sissy That Walk!"	May 5, 2014
For the final challenge of the season, the queens will star in RuPaul's music video "Sissy That Walk" and act in two different acting scenes.

On the runway, category is Best Drag. RuPaul then tells the queens that they will all be lip-syncing, and one queen will be eliminated and not move on to the finale. The four remaining queens then lip-sync to "Sissy That Walk" by RuPaul. Darienne Lake is then eliminated, with Adore Delano, Bianca Del Rio and Courtney Act being the finalists of the season.

Special Guests: Mathu Andersen and Jamal Sims
Main Challenge: Star in RuPaul's music video "Sissy That Walk" and act in two different acting scenes
Runway Theme: Best Drag
Lip-Sync Song: "Sissy That Walk" by RuPaul
Eliminated: Darienne Lake
78	13	"Countdown to the Crown"	May 12, 2014
This week's episode takes a look back on the highlights, low-lights, and previously unseen footage from the season using various countdowns. In addition, past contestants Alaska, Jinkx Monsoon, Jujubee, Latrice Royale, Manila Luzon, Raja, Raven, Shangela Laquifa Wadley, Sharon Needles (impersonating Michelle Visage), and Tammie Brown also appeared, giving their opinions on the season and the contestants.
79	14	"Grand Finale"	May 19, 2014
All the queens return for the reunion. It is announced that BenDeLaCreme is this season's Miss Congeniality. It is then announced that Bianca Del Rio is the winner, leaving Adore Delano and Courtney Act as the runners-up.

Miss Congeniality: BenDeLaCreme
Runners-up: Adore Delano and Courtney Act
Winner of RuPaul's Drag Race Season Six: Bianca Del Rio


No.
overall	No. in
season	Title	Original air date
80	1	"Born Naked"	March 2, 2015
Fourteen new queens enter the workroom. For the first mini-challenge, the queens will walk the runway showing off two looks: one from their spring collection and one from their fall collection. For the main challenge, the queens will create a resort-wear tearaway to reveal a nude illusion.

On the runway, category is Nude Illusion. Kennedy Davenport, Miss Fame and Violet Chachki receive positive critiques, with Violet Chachki winning the challenge. Jasmine Masters, Kandy Ho, Sasha Belle and Tempest DuJour receive negative critiques, with Jasmine Masters and Sasha Belle being safe. Kandy Ho and Tempest DuJour lip-sync to "Geronimo" by RuPaul. Kandy Ho wins the lip-sync and Tempest DuJour is the first queen to sashay away.

Guest Judge: Kathy Griffin
Alternating Judges: Ross Mathews and Carson Kressley
Mini-Challenge: Walk the runway showing off two looks: one from their spring collection and one from their fall collection
Main Challenge: Create a resort-wear tearaway to reveal a nude illusion
Runway Theme: Nude Illusion
Challenge Winner: Violet Chachki
Challenge Prize: Dekoy hair care products
Bottom Two: Kandy Ho and Tempest DuJour
Lip-Sync Song: "Geronimo" by RuPaul
Eliminated: Tempest DuJour
Farewell Message: "Love yourself. Live your truth. You're never too old to dream. xoxo, Tempest"
81	2	"Glamazonian Airways"	March 9, 2015
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will give face while the pit crew blows them with a leaf blower. Ginger Minj and Trixie Mattel win the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will perform a mash-up of spoken word and song for a pre-flight safety video for Glamazonian Airways.

Team Ginger Minj: Ginger Minj, Jaidynn Diore Fierce, Jasmine Masters, Kandy Ho, Kennedy Davenport, Mrs. Kasha Davis and Sasha Belle
Team Trixie Mattel: Katya, Max, Miss Fame, Pearl, Trixie Mattel and Violet Chachki
On the runway, category is Jet Set Eleganza. Ginger Minj, Mrs. Kasha Davis and Violet Chachki receive positive critiques, with Ginger Minj winning the challenge. Katya, Miss Fame and Sasha Belle receive negative critiques, with Miss Fame being safe. Katya and Sasha Belle lip-sync to "Twist of Fate" by Olivia Newton-John. Katya wins the lip-sync and Sasha Belle sashays away.

Guest Judges: Jordin Sparks and Olivia Newton-John
Alternating Judge: Carson Kressley
Mini-Challenge: Give face while the pit-crew blows them with a leaf blower
Mini-Challenge Winners: Ginger Minj and Trixie Mattel
Main Challenge: Perform a mash-up of spoken word and song for a pre-flight safety video for Glamazonian Airways
Runway Theme: Jet Set Eleganza
Challenge Winner: Ginger Minj
Challenge Prize: A five-night luxury hotel accommodations courtesy of My Gay Getaway
Bottom Two: Katya and Sasha Belle
Lip-Sync Song: "Twist of Fate" by Olivia Newton-John
Eliminated: Sasha Belle
Farewell Message: "Love you, MEAN it! Ging for the win :)"
82	3	"ShakesQueer"	March 16, 2015
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will dress up in "granny drag" and dance with walkers and canes. Kennedy Davenport and Max win the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will team up and star in two twisted Shakespeare classics: MacBitch and Romy and Juliet.

Team MacBitch: Jasmine Masters, Kandy Ho, Katya, Kennedy Davenport, Pearl and Violet Chachki
Team Romy and Juliet: Ginger Minj, Jaidynn Diore Fierce, Max, Miss Fame, Mrs. Kasha Davis and Trixie Mattel
On the runway, category is Bearded and Beautiful. Team Romy and Juliet is the winning team, with Max winning the challenge. Team MacBitch is the losing team. Jasmine Masters, Kennedy Davenport and Pearl receive negative critiques, with Pearl being safe. Jasmine Masters and Kennedy Davenport lip-sync to "I Was Gonna Cancel" by Kylie Minogue. Kennedy Davenport wins the lip-sync and Jasmine Masters sashays away.

Guest Judges: Mel B and Kat Dennings
Alternating Judge: Carson Kressley
Mini-Challenge: Dress up in "granny drag" and dance with walkers and canes
Mini-Challenge Winners: Kennedy Davenport and Max
Main Challenge: In teams, star in two twisted Shakespeare classics: MacBitch and Romy and Juliet
Runway Theme: Bearded and Beautiful
Challenge Winner: Max
Challenge Prize: Two couture latex creations, courtesy of Syren Latex
Bottom Two: Jasmine Masters and Kennedy Davenport
Lip-Sync Song: "I Was Gonna Cancel" by Kylie Minogue
Eliminated: Jasmine Masters
Farewell Message: "Best of Luck Ladies, Luv Jasmine"
83	4	"Spoof! (There It Is)"	March 23, 2015
For this week's main challenge, the queens will team up and create a music video parody to one of RuPaul's songs.

Team Get Ready to Clock (spoof of Sissy That Walk): Jaidynn Diore Fierce, Max and Violet Chachki
Team I Got Paid (spoof of Let The Music Play): Ginger Minj, Kandy Ho, Kennedy Davenport and Mrs. Kasha Davis
Team Tan With U (spoof of Dance With U): Katya, Miss Fame, Pearl and Trixie Mattel
On the runway, category is Green. Jaidynn Diore Fierce, Katya and Kennedy Davenport receive positive critiques, with Kennedy Davenport winning the challenge. Kando Ho, Pearl and Trixie Mattel receive negative critiques, with Kando Ho being safe. Pearl and Trixie Mattel lip-sync to "Dreaming" by Blondie. Pearl wins the lip-sync and Trixie Mattel sashays away.

Guest Judges: Jessica Alba and Lucian Piane
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Main Challenge: In teams, create a music video parody to one of RuPaul's songs.
Runway Theme: Green
Challenge Winner: Kennedy Davenport
Challenge Prize: A 3 year supply of essential family products from The Honest Company
Bottom Two: Pearl and Trixie Mattel
Lip-Sync Song: "Dreaming" by Blondie
Eliminated: Trixie Mattel
Farewell Message: "Wear clown noses! Make fun of each other! Stay Plastic ❤ Trixie Mattel. P.S. Fame - I used your lipstick, sorry :)"
84	5	"The DESPY Awards"	March 30, 2015
For the mini-challenge, the queens will pair up and make their own paper versions of classic celebrity red carpet outfits. Katya and Mrs. Kasha Davis win the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will come up with funny banter and take jabs at the other queens while presenting awards for different categories at the first ever DESPY Awards. The awards were as follows:

Sexy, Sexy Drag Queen, presented by Jaidynn Diore Fierce and Kennedy Davenport, won by Miss Fame
Most Busted Queen, presented by Max and Pearl, won by Jaidynn Diore Fierce
Shadiest Queen, presented by Ginger Minj and Kandy Ho, won by Violet Chachki
Meatiest Tuck, presented by Miss Fame and Violet Chachki, won by Katya
On the runway, Jaidynn Diore Fierce, Kennedy Davenport, Max and Pearl receive positive critiques, with Max and Pearl both winning the challenge. Kandy Ho, Mrs. Kasha Davis and Violet Chachki receive negative critiques, with Violet Chachki being safe. Kandy Ho and Mrs. Kasha Davis lip-sync to "Lovergirl" by Teena Marie. Kandy Ho wins the lip-sync and Mrs. Kasha Davis sashays away.

Guest Judges: Isaac Mizrahi
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Mini-Challenge: In pairs, make your own paper versions of classic celebrity red carpet outfits
Mini-Challenge Winners: Katya and Mrs. Kasha Davis
Main Challenge: Come up with funny banter and take jabs at the other queens while presenting awards for different categories at the first ever DESPY Awards.
Challenge Winners: Max and Pearl
Challenge Prize: A custom jewel packages, courtesy of Fierce Drag Jewels
Bottom Two: Kandy Ho and Mrs. Kasha Davis
Lip-Sync Song: "Lovergirl" by Teena Marie
Eliminated: Mrs. Kasha Davis
Farewell Message: "Be good to yourself. Be good to one another. Love to the moon & back! xo MKD. (Go Ginger)"
85	6	"RuPaullywood Stories"	April 6, 2015
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will have to gain points by selecting pit crew members while avoiding the one with a monster in his pants. Ginger Minj wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will have to re-enact "Whatever Happened to Merle Ginsberg" from the point of view of Merle Ginsberg, Michelle Visage and RuPaul.

Team Merle Ginsberg: Ginger Minj, Katya and Kennedy Davenport
Team Michelle Visage: Kandy Ho, Max and Violet Chachki
Team RuPaul: Jaidynn Diore Fierce, Miss Fame and Pearl
On the runway, category is Death Becomes Her. Team Merle Ginsberg is the winning team, with Katya winning the challenge. Team Michelle Visage and RuPaul are the losing teams. Jaidynn Diore Fierce, Kandy Ho and Miss Fame receive negative critiques, with Miss Fame being safe. Jaidynn Diore Fierce and Kandy Ho lip-sync to "Break Free" by Ariana Grande. Jaidynn Diore Fierce wins the lip-sync and Kandy Ho sashays away.

Guest Judges: Ariana Grande and Merle Ginsberg
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Mini-Challenge: Gain points by selecting pit crew members while avoiding the one with a monster in his pants
Mini-Challenge Winner: Ginger Minj
Main Challenge: Re-enact "Whatever Happened to Merle Ginsberg" from the point of view of Merle Ginsberg, Michelle Visage and RuPaul
Runway Theme: Death Becomes Her
Challenge Winner: Katya
Challenge Prize: A $2000 giftcard to FABRICplanet
Bottom Two: Jaidynn Diore Fierce and Kandy Ho
Lip-Sync Song: "Break Free" by Ariana Grande
Eliminated: Kandy Ho
Farewell Message: "Everything happens 4 a reason, pero la vida continua! Big things will come! Kandy Ho xoxo"
86	7	"Snatch Game"	April 13, 2015
For this week's main challenge, the queens will play the Snatch Game. Michael Urie and Tamar Braxton star as the celebrity contestants. The cast consisted of:

Ginger Minj as Adele
Jaidynn Diore Fierce as Raven-Symoné
Kennedy Davenport as Little Richard
Katya as Suze Orman
Max as Sharon Needles
Miss Fame as Donatella Versace
Pearl as Big Ang
Violet Chachki as Alyssa Edwards
On the runway, category is Leather and Lace. Ginger Minj, Katya and Kennedy Davenport receive positive critiques, with Ginger Minj and Kennedy Davenport both winning the challenge. Jaidynn Diore Fierce, Max and Miss Fame receive negative critiques, with Miss Fame being safe. Jaidynn Diore Fierce and Max lip-sync to "No More Lies" by Michel'le. Jaidynn Diore Fierce wins the lip-sync and Max sashays away.

Guest Judge: Michael Urie and Tamar Braxton
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Main Challenge: Snatch Game
Runway Theme: Leather and Lace
Challenge Winners: Ginger Minj and Kennedy Davenport
Challenge Prize: Feather accessories from Mother Plucker
Bottom Two: Jaidynn Diore Fierce and Max
Lip-Sync Song: "No More Lies" by Michel'le
Eliminated: Max
Farewell Message: "Stay kind. Stay gracious. Stay humble. I love you, darlings. Xx Max"
87	8	"Conjoined Queens"	April 20, 2015
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will recreate prison uniforms as "Orange is the new Drag" fashion looks. Kennedy Davenport wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will create a conjoined twin makeover with a previously eliminated queen. RuPaul then reveals whichever pair wins the challenge, the eliminated queen will officially return to the competition.

Ginger Minj and Sasha Belle
Jaidynn Diore Fierce and Tempest DuJour
Katya and Mrs. Kasha Davis
Kennedy Davenport and Jasmine Masters
Miss Fame and Kandy Ho
Pearl and Trixie Mattel
Violet Chachki and Max
On the runway, Katya, Pearl and Violet Chachki receive positive critiques, with Pearl winning the challenge, meaning Trixie Mattel has returned to the competition. Ginger Minj, Jaidynn Diore Fierce and Miss Fame receive negative critiques, with Miss Fame being safe. Ginger Minj and Jaidynn Diore Fierce lip-sync to "I Think We're Alone Now" by Tiffany along with their conjoined twins Sasha Belle and Tempest DuJour, respectively. Ginger Minj wins the lip-sync and Jaidynn Diore Fierce sashays away.

Guest Judge: LeAnn Rimes and Nelsan Ellis
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Mini-Challenge: Recreate prison uniforms as "Orange is the new Drag" fashion looks
Mini-Challenge Winner: Kennedy Davenport
Main Challenge: Create a conjoined twin makeover with a previously eliminated queen
Challenge Winner: Pearl
Challenge Prize: A custom website by Square Space
Returned: Trixie Mattel
Bottom Two: Ginger Minj (with Sasha Belle) and Jaidynn Diore Fierce (with Tempest DuJour)
Lip-Sync Song: "I Think We're Alone Now" by Tiffany
Eliminated: Jaidynn Diore Fierce
Farewell Message: "Stay Fierce! Werq that puss! I love you all xoxo Jaidynn Diore Fierce ♥"
88	9	"Divine Inspiration"	April 27, 2015
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will read each other to filth. Trixie Mattel wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will star in musical versions of iconic films by John Waters.

Team Cha Cha Heels (parody of Female Trouble): Katya and Kennedy Davenport
Team Eggs (parody of Pink Flamingos): Ginger Minj and Trixie Mattel
Team Poo (parody of Pink Flamingos): Miss Fame, Pearl and Violet Chachki
On the runway, category is Ugliest Dress. Ginger Minj, Katya and Kennedy Davenport receive positive critiques, with Ginger Minj winning the challenge. Miss Fame, Pearl and Violet Chachki receive negative critiques, with Violet Chachki being safe. Miss Fame and Pearl lip-sync to "Really Don't Care" by Demi Lovato ft. Cher Lloyd. Pearl wins the lip-sync and Miss Fame sashays away.

Guest Judge: Demi Lovato and John Waters
Alternating Judge: Carson Kressley
Mini-Challenge: Reading is Fundamental
Mini-Challenge Winner: Trixie Mattel
Main Challenge: Star in musical versions of iconic films by John Waters
Runway Theme: Ugliest Dress
Challenge Winner: Ginger Minj
Challenge Prize: A hair collection by Weavin' Steven
Bottom Two: Miss Fame and Pearl
Lip-Sync Song: "Really Don't Care" by Demi Lovato ft. Cher Lloyd
Eliminated: Miss Fame
Farewell Message: "Continue to inspire. You are incredible! I love you. FAME."
89	10	"Prancing Queens"	May 4, 2015
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will create a "Fake Housewives of Drag Race" look using tape. Violet Chachki wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will pair up and dance in a live drag dance spectacular.

Ginger Minj and Trixie Mattel: Hoedown and Robot
Katya and Violet Chachki: Tango and Vogue
Kennedy Davenport and Pearl: Charleston and Twerk
On the runway, category is Half Man, Half Queen. Katya and Violet Chachki receive positive critiques, with both queens winning the challenge. Ginger Minj and Trixie Mattel receive negative critiques, and are announced as the bottom two. They lip-sync to "Show Me Love" by Robin S. Ginger Minj wins the lip-sync and Trixie Mattel sashays away.

Guest Judge: Alyssa Milano and Rachael Harris
Alternating Judge: Carson Kressley
Mini-Challenge: Create a "Fake Housewives of Drag Race" look using tape
Mini-Challenge Winner: Violet Chachki
Main Challenge: In pairs, dance in a live drag dance spectacular
Runway Theme: Half Man, Half Queen
Challenge Winners: Katya and Violet Chachki
Challenge Prize: An original gown from Mountbatten Concepts and a gift card from Klein Epstein & Parker
Bottom Two: Ginger Minj and Trixie Mattel
Lip-Sync Song: "Show Me Love" by Robin S.
Eliminated: Trixie Mattel
Farewell Message: "WTF Just Happened?!? #GirlBye, Thx Pearl. Stay Plastic ♥ Spoiler Alert Trixie Mattel Doesn't Win LOL"
90	11	"The Hello Kitty Ball"	May 11, 2015
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will have a bitchfest with puppets. Ginger Minj wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens make two looks for The Hello Kitty: Hello Kitty BFF and Hello Kitty Eleganza.

On the runway, Ginger Minj, Pearl and Violet Chachki receive positive critiques, with Violet Chachki winning the challenge. Katya and Kennedy Davenport receive negative critiques, are announced as the bottom two. They lip-sync to "Roar" by Katy Perry. Kennedy Davenport wins the lip-sync and Katya sashays away.

Guest Judge: Rebecca Romijn and Santino Rice
Alternating Judge: Carson Kressley
Mini-Challenge: Everybody Loves Puppets
Mini-Challenge Winner: Ginger Minj
Main Challenge: The Hello Kitty Ball
Runway Themes: Hello Kitty BFF and Hello Kitty Eleganza
Challenge Winner: Violet Chachki
Challenge Prize: Hello Kitty Extravaganza Package
Bottom Two: Katya and Kennedy Davenport
Lip-Sync Song: "Roar" by Katy Perry
Eliminated: Katya
Farewell Message: "Девочки! Я вас люблю! If you need me, you know where to find me. (The dumpster out back) XOXO Katya AKA The Brooke Hogan of drag AKA Diarrhea Perlman ♥♥♥"
91	12	"…And the Rest Is Drag!"	May 18, 2015
For the final challenge of the season, the queens will star in RuPaul's music video "Born Naked".

On the runway, category is Best Drag. The four remaining queens lip-sync to "Born Naked" by RuPaul ft. Clairy Browne. Kennedy Davenport is then eliminated, with Ginger Minj, Pearl and Violet Chachki being the finalists of the season.

Alternating Judges: Ross Mathews and Carson Kressley
Main Challenge: Star in RuPaul's music video "Born Naked"
Runway Theme: Best Drag
Lip-Sync Song: "Born Naked" by RuPaul ft. Clairy Browne
Eliminated: Kennedy Davenport
92	13	"Countdown to the Crown"	May 25, 2015
This episode took a look back on the highlights, low-lights, and previously unseen footage from the season using various countdowns. The show included commentary from past contestants including Adore Delano, Alaska, Alyssa Edwards, Bianca Del Rio, Jinkx Monsoon, Jujubee, Latrice Royale, Raja, Raven and Sharon Needles.
93	14	"Grand Finale"	June 1, 2015
All the queens are back for the reunion and finale. For the first time, the finalists all lip-sync to a song specifically written for them. Ginger Minj lip-syncs to "Pray and Slay", Pearl lip-syncs to "Sleep Walker" and Violet Chachki lip-syncs to "Too Many Daddies". It is then announced that Katya is this season's Miss Congeniality. It is then announced that Violet Chachki is the winner, leaving Ginger Minj and Pearl as the runners-up.

Finals venue: Orpheum Theatre
Miss Congeniality: Katya
Runners-up: Ginger Minj and Pearl
Winner of RuPaul's Drag Race Season Seven: Violet Chachki


No.
overall	No. in
season	Title	Original air date
94	1	"Keeping it 100!"	March 7, 2016
Twelve new queens enter the workroom. For the first mini-challenge, the queens will do a photoshoot with past winners. Robbie Turner wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will create an outfit based on a design challenge from a past season.

Acid Betty: Make Dat Money from Season 3 Episode 13
Bob the Drag Queen: Gone with the Window from Season 2 Episode 1
Chi Chi DeVayne: The Glitter Ball from Season 6 Episode 11
Cynthia Lee Fontaine: The Sugar Ball from Season 5 Episode 11
Dax ExclamationPoint: The Hello Kitty Ball from Season 7 Episode 11
Derrick Barry: The Queen Who Mopped Xmas from Season 3 Episode 2
Kim Chi: The Hair Ball from Season 3 Episode 11
Laila McQueen: RuPocalypse Now! from Season 4 Episode 1
Naomi Smalls: Float Your Boat from Season 4 Episode 6
Naysha Lopez: Drag on a Dime from Season 1 Episode 1
Robbie Turner: The Bitch Ball from Season 4 Episode 11
Thorgy Thor: Face, Face, Face of Cakes from Season 3 Episode 7
On the runway, Acid Betty, Derrick Barry and Kim Chi receive positive critiques, with Kim Chi winning the challenge. Laila McQueen, Naomi Smalls, Naysha Lopez and Robbie Turner receive negative critiques, with Naomi Smalls and Robbie Turner being safe. Laila McQueen and Naysha Lopez lip-sync to "Applause" by Lady Gaga. Laila McQueen wins the lip-sync and Naysha Lopez is the first queen to sashay away.

Guest Judge: Nicole Richie
Alternating Judge(s): Carson Kressley and Ross Mathews
Mini-Challenge: Photoshoot with past winners
Mini-Challenge Winner: Robbie Turner
Main Challenge: Create an outfit based on a design challenge from a past season
Challenge Winner: Kim Chi
Challenge Prize: $3,000 from selfieonastick.com
Bottom Two: Laila McQueen and Naysha Lopez
Lip-Sync Song: "Applause" by Lady Gaga
Eliminated: Naysha Lopez
Farewell Message: "Dear Ladies + Monsters. It was a pleasure meeting you all! Play the cards you are dealt + Turn DA PARTY! P.S. I ♥ U Layla [sic] xoxo! The Beauty! Naysha Lopez ♥"
95	2	"B*tch Perfect"	March 14, 2016
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will have a Latin dance-off to "Cha Cha Bitch". Chi Chi DeVayne and Cynthia Lee Fontaine win the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will perform in a collegiate a capella sing-off called "Bitch Perfect".

Team Lady Bitches: Bob The Drag Queen, Cynthia Lee Fontaine, Derrick Barry, Kim Chi, Laila McQueen and Robbie Turner
Team Shady Bitches: Acid Betty, Chi Chi DeVayne, Dax ExclamationPoint, Naomi Smalls and Thorgy Thor
On the runway, category is Movie Premiere Realness. Acid Betty, Chi Chi DeVayne and Thorgy Thor receive positive critiques, with Chi Chi DeVayne winning the challenge. Dax ExclamationPoint, Kim Chi and Laila McQueen receive negative critiques, with Kim Chi being safe. Dax ExclamationPoint and Laila McQueen lip-sync to "I Will Survive" by Gloria Gaynor. After an underwhelming lip-sync, RuPaul decides to eliminate both Dax ExclamationPoint and Laila McQueen from the competition. At the end of the episode, RuPaul calls a queen to join the competition.

Guest Judges: Ester Dean, Lucian Piane, and Jamal Sims
Mini-Challenge: Latin dance-off to "Cha Cha Bitch"
Mini-Challenge Winners: Chi Chi DeVayne and Cynthia Lee Fontaine
Main Challenge: Perform in a collegiate a cappella sing-off called "Bitch Perfect"
Runway Theme: Movie Premiere Realness
Challenge Winner: Chi Chi DeVayne
Challenge Prize: A 4 night getaway to a bed and breakfast in New England
Bottom Two: Dax ExclamationPoint and Laila McQueen
Lip-Sync Song: "I Will Survive" by Gloria Gaynor
Eliminated: Dax ExclamationPoint and Laila McQueen
Dax ExclamationPoint's Farewell Message: "Ladies, You're all Fantastic! I wish I could be here with you! Set the world on fire + Make Everyone EAT IT -DAX! ☠"
Laila McQueen's Farewell Message: "You're All the Biggest Pack of freaks and I am so "Happy" to call you "family". But Actually I ♥ you All & can't wait for the future with you! xoxo Laila! PS. 1 less Madonna"
96	3	"RuCo's Empire"	March 21, 2016
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will drag up a supreme court judge robe. Naomi Smalls wins the mini-challenge. RuPaul then announces that Naysha Lopez will be returning to the competition. For the main challenge, the queens will team up and star in two Empire-inspired acting scenes.

Team Naomi Smalls: Bob the Drag Queen, Chi Chi DeVayne, Cynthia Lee Fontaine, Naomi Smalls and Robbie Turner
Team Naysha Lopez: Acid Betty, Derrick Barry, Kim Chi, Naysha Lopez and Thorgy Thor
On the runway, category is Roller Girl Realness. Acid Betty, Bob the Drag Queen and Thorgy Thor receive positive critiques, with Bob the Drag Queen winning the challenge. Cynthia Lee Fontaine, Derrick Barry and Robbie Turner receive negative critiques, with Derrick Barry being safe. Cynthia Lee Fontaine and Robbie Turner lip-sync to "Mesmerized (Freemasons Radio Edit)" by Faith Evans. Robbie Turner wins the lip-sync and Cynthia Lee Fontaine sashays away.

Guest Judges: Faith Evans and Tasha Smith
Alternating Judge: Carson Kressley
Mini-Challenge: Drag up a supreme court judge robe
Mini-Challenge Winner: Naomi Smalls
Returned: Naysha Lopez
Main Challenge: In teams, star in two Empire-inspired acting scenes
Runway Theme: Roller Girl Realness
Challenge Winner: Bob the Drag Queen
Challenge Prize: $3,500 of Innovative Eyewear from Bradley Kenneth
Bottom Two: Cynthia Lee Fontaine and Robbie Turner
Lip-Sync Song: "Mesmerized (Freemasons Radio Edit)" by Faith Evans
Eliminated: Cynthia Lee Fontaine
Farewell Message: "Dont give up!!! Fight For Your Dreams!!! Love you Mis Amores #CuCu <(:3"
97	4	"New Wave Queens"	March 28, 2016
For this week's main challenge, the queens write, record, and perform verses in ‘80s style New Wave girl bands.

Team Dragometry: Chi Chi DeVayne, Derrick Barry and Naysha Lopez
Team Les Chicken Wings: Kim Chi, Naomi Smalls and Robbie Turner
Team Street Meatz: Acid Betty, Bob the Drag Queen and Thorgy Thor
On the runway, category is Neon Queen Realness. Team Les Chicken Wings is the winning team, with Robbie Turner winning the challenge. Team Dragometry and Team Street Meatz are the losing teams. Chi Chi DeVayne, Derrick Barry and Naysha Lopez receive negative critiques, with Derrick Barry being safe. Chi Chi DeVayne and Naysha Lopez lip-sync to "Call Me" by Blondie. Chi Chi DeVayne wins the lip-sync and Naysha Lopez sashays away.

Guest Judges: Debbie Harry, Chris Stein, and Lucian Piane
Main Challenge: Write, record, and perform verses in ‘80s style New Wave girl bands
Runway Theme: Neon Queen Realness
Challenge Winner: Robbie Turner
Challenge Prize: A wig wardrobe from Weaven Steven
Bottom Two: Chi Chi DeVayne and Naysha Lopez
Lip-Sync Song: "Call Me" by Blondie
Eliminated: Naysha Lopez
Farewell Message: "Dear Ladies, Have a good time and push yourself. I got a 2nd chance, don't blow your first and only! xoxo Da Beauty! Naysha Lopez"
98	5	"Supermodel Snatch Game"	April 4, 2016
For the main challenge, the queens will play the Snatch Game. Gigi Hadid and Chanel Iman star as the celebrity contestants. The cast consisted of:

Acid Betty as Nancy Grace
Bob the Drag Queen as Uzo Aduba and Carol Channing
Chi Chi DeVayne as Eartha Kitt
Derrick Barry as Britney Spears
Kim Chi as Kimmy Jong-Un
Naomi Smalls as Tiffany Pollard
Robbie Turner as Diana Vreeland
Thorgy Thor as Michael Jackson
On the runway, category is Night of a Thousand Madonna's. Bob the Drag Queen, Derrick Barry and Thorgy Thor receive positive critiques, with Bob the Drag Queen winning the challenge. Acid Betty, Naomi Smalls and Robbie Turner receive negative critiques, with Robbie Turner being safe. Acid Betty and Naomi Smalls lip-sync to "Causing a Commotion" by Madonna. Naomi Smalls wins the lip-sync and Acid Betty sashays away.

Guest Judges: Gigi Hadid and Chanel Iman
Alternating Judge: Carson Kressley
Main Challenge: Snatch Game
Runway Theme: Night of a Thousand Madonna's
Challenge Winner: Bob the Drag Queen
Challenge Prize: A set of Lux De Ville hand bags
Bottom Two: Acid Betty and Naomi Smalls
Lip-Sync Song: "Causing a Commotion" by Madonna
Eliminated: Acid Betty
Farewell Message: "Ladies, You have been touched by fierceness! Now werq it out! -Bob, ♥ you! See jew in new york. -Thorgy you are amazeballs -Acidbetty.com"
99	6	"Wizards of Drag"	April 11, 2016
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will read each other to filth. Bob the Drag Queen wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will give Wizard of Oz themed makeovers to cast members of Little Women L.A..

Bob the Drag Queen - Glinda the Good Witch
Chi Chi DeVayne - Dorothy Gale
Derrick Barry - Tin Man
Kim Chi - The Wicked Witch of the West
Naomi Smalls - Scarecrow
Robbie Turner - The Cowardly Lion
Thorgy Thor - Emerald Citizen
On the runway, Kim Chi and Naomi Smalls receive positive critiques, with Naomi Smalls winning the challenge. Chi Chi DeVayne, Derrick Barry and Robbie Turner receive negative critiques, with Chi Chi DeVayne being safe. Derrick Barry and Robbie Turner lip-sync to "I Love It" by Icona Pop. Derrick Barry wins the lip-sync and Robbie Turner sashays away.

Guest Judges: Todrick Hall and Marc Jacobs
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Mini-Challenge: Reading is Fundamental
Mini-Challenge Winner: Bob the Drag Queen
Main Challenge: Give Wizard of Oz-themed makeovers to cast members of Little Women L.A.
Challenge Winner: Naomi Smalls
Challenge Prize: $1,000 worth of spa services from The Spa on Rodeo
Bottom Two: Derrick Barry and Robbie Turner
Lip-Sync Song: "I Love It" by Icona Pop
Eliminated: Robbie Turner
Farewell Message: "My dearest trashbags, I'm sorry to leave you all so soon, but know this, the love I have for you is REAL + quite strong, also whoever wins owes me a tea or a steak dinner! Love you all, Robbie"
100	7	"Shady Politics"	April 18, 2016
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens play a true or false guessing game with the pit crew. Derrick Barry wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will work in pairs to shoot presidential campaign ads to smear their partner and stake their claim to be the first drag President of the U.S.A.

Bob the Drag Queen and Derrick Barry
Chi Chi DeVayne and Thorgy Thor
Kim Chi and Naomi Smalls
On the runway, category is Black and White Realness. Bob the Drag Queen and Derrick Barry both win the challenge. Chi Chi DeVayne and Thorgy Thor receive negative critiques, are announced as the bottom two. They lip-sync to "And I Am Telling You I'm Not Going" from Jennifer Holliday. Chi Chi DeVayne wins the lip-sync and Thorgy Thor sashays away.

Guest Judges: Thomas Roberts and Vivica A. Fox
Alternating Judge(s): Carson Kressley
Mini-Challenge: Play a true or false guessing game with the Pit Crew
Mini-Challenge Winner: Derrick Barry
Main Challenge: Work in pairs to shoot presidential campaign ads to smear their partner and stake their claim to be the first drag President of the U.S.A.
Runway Theme: Black and White Realness
Challenge Winners: Bob the Drag Queen and Derrick Barry
Challenge Prize: A custom made gown from MountBatten Concepts
Bottom Two: Chi Chi DeVayne and Thorgy Thor
Lip-Sync Song: "And I Am Telling You I'm Not Going" from Jennifer Holliday
Eliminated: Thorgy Thor
Farewell Message: "Clowns! All of you!! Come to NY - but please take down Bob! ... She's terrible! - anyway - <3 you guys! top 3?....... Naomi, Bob, Deryk... Let's see.... (that was shady!) <3 thorgy"
101	8	"The Book Ball"	April 25, 2016
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will have a bitch fest with puppets. Chi Chi DeVayne wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will create three looks for the Book Ball: Baby Drag Realness, That's My Mama Realness and Book Couture.

On the runway, Chi Chi DeVayne, Kim Chi and Naomi Smalls receive positive critiques, with Kim Chi winning the challenge. Bob the Drag Queen and Derrick Barry receive negative critiques, and are announced as the bottom two. They lip-sync to "You Make Me Feel (Mighty Real)" by Sylvester. Bob the Drag Queen wins the lip-sync and Derrick Barry sashays away.

Guest Judges: Amy Sedaris and David Sedaris
Alternating Judge(s): Ross Mathews
Mini-Challenge: Everybody Loves Puppets
Mini-Challenge Winner: Chi Chi DeVayne
Main Challenge: The Book Ball
Runway Themes: Baby Drag Realness, That's My Mama Realness and Book Couture
Challenge Winner: Kim Chi
Challenge Prize: A $2,500 gift card from Fabric Planet
Bottom Two: Bob the Drag Queen and Derrick Barry
Lip-Sync Song: "You Make Me Feel (Mighty Real)" by Sylvester
Eliminated: Derrick Barry
Farewell Message: "To my top 4, Ru said I won the challenge! What happened? I love you all! <3 Derrick Bitch!"
102	9	"The Realness"	May 2, 2016
For the final challenge of the season, the queens will star in RuPaul's music video "The Realness".

On the runway, category is Best Drag. The four remaining queens lip-sync to "The Realness" by RuPaul. Chi Chi DeVayne is then eliminated, with Bob the Drag Queen, Kim Chi and Naomi Smalls being the finalists of the season.

Special Guest: Jayson Whitmore
Alternating Judge(s): Ross Mathews and Carson Kressley
Main Challenge: Star in RuPaul's music video "The Realness"
Runway Theme: Best Drag
Lip-Sync Song: "The Realness" by RuPaul
Eliminated: Chi Chi DeVayne
103	10	"Grand Finale"	May 16, 2016
All the queens are back for the reunion and finale. The final three queens then perform to a song that was written specifically for them. Bob the Drag Queen lip-syncs to "I Don't Like to Show Off", Kim Chi lip-syncs to "Fat Fem and Asian" and Naomi Smalls lip-syncs to "Legs". It is announced that Cynthia Lee Fontaine has is this season's Miss Congeniality. It is the announced that Bob the Drag Queen is the winner, leaving Kim Chi and Naomi Smalls as the runners-up.

Miss Congeniality: Cynthia Lee Fontaine
Runners Up: Kim Chi and Naomi Smalls
Winner of RuPaul's Drag Race Season Eight: Bob the Drag Queen

No.
overall	No. in
season	Title	Original air date
104	1	"Oh. My. Gaga!"	March 24, 2017
Thirteen new queens enter the workroom. For this week's main challenge, the queens will present two looks for the Miss Charisma, Uniqueness, Nerve and Talent Pageant: A hometown outfit and a Lady Gaga inspired outfit.

Eureka, Nina Bo'nina Brown and Sasha Velour receive positive critiques, with Nina Bo'nina Brown winning the challenge. At the end of the episode, RuPaul reveals that she will be introducing a fourteenth queen.

Guest Judge: Lady Gaga
Alternating Judges: Carson Kressley and Ross Mathews
Main Challenge: Present two looks for the Miss Charisma, Uniqueness, Nerve and Talent Pageant: A hometown outfit and a Lady Gaga inspired outfit
Challenge Winner: Nina Bo'nina Brown
Challenge Prize: A weeklong getaway to The Grand Resort and Spa at Fort Lauderdale Beach.
Eliminated: None
105	2	"She Done Already Done Brought It On"	March 31, 2017
At the beginning of the episode, it is revealed that the fourteenth queen is Cynthia Lee Fontaine, who previously competed on Season 8. For this week's main challenge, the queens will team up and compete in a cheerleading battle.

Team B-52 Bombers: Cynthia Lee Fontaine, Eureka, Farrah Moan, Kimora Blac, Peppermint, Trinity Taylor and Valentina
Team RuPaul's Glamazons: Aja, Alexis Michelle, Charlie Hides, Jaymes Mansfield, Nina Bo'nina Brown, Sasha Velour and Shea Couleé
On the runway, category is White Party Realness. Shea Couleé, Trinity Taylor and Valentina receive positive critiques, with Valentina winning the challenge. Charlie Hides, Jaymes Mansfield and Kimora Blac receive negative critiques, with Charlie Hides being safe. Jaymes Mansfield and Kimora Blac lip-sync to "Love Shack" by The B-52's. Kimora Blac wins the lip-sync and Jaymes Mansfield is the first queen to sashay away.

Returned: Cynthia Lee Fontaine
Guest Judges: The B-52's
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Main Challenge: Compete in a cheerleading battle
Runway Theme: White Party Realness
Challenge Winner: Valentina
Challenge Prize: A wig wardrobe by RockStar Wigs.
Bottom Two: Jaymes Mansfield and Kimora Blac
Lip-Sync Song: "Love Shack" by The B-52's
Eliminated: Jaymes Mansfield
Farewell message: "You live to love me more each day. P.S. JK I love you all. J.M"
106	3	"Draggily Ever After"	April 7, 2017
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will create an original fairytale princess with a sassy sidekick.

On the runway, category is Fairytale Princess Eleganza. Peppermint, Trinity Taylor and Valentina receive positive critiques, with Trinity Taylor winning the challenge. Aja, Farrah Moan and Kimora Blac receive negative critiques, with Farrah Moan being safe. Aja and Kimora Blac lip-sync to "Holding Out for a Hero" by Bonnie Tyler. Aja wins the lip-sync and Kimora Blac sashays away.

Guest Judges: Todrick Hall and Cheyenne Jackson
Alternating Judge: Carson Kressley
Main Challenge: Create an original fairytale princess with a sassy sidekick
Runway Theme: Fairytale Princess Eleganza
Challenge Winner: Trinity Taylor
Challenge Prize: $5000 gift card for Casper Sleep.
Bottom Two: Aja and Kimora Blac
Lip-Sync Song: "Holding Out for a Hero" by Bonnie Tyler
Eliminated: Kimora Blac
Farewell message: "Hey ladies, I ♡ you all! Sisters 4 ever ♡ Kimmy"
107	4	"Good Morning Bitches"	April 14, 2017
For this week's main challenge, the queens will team up and produce a live morning talk show.

Team Good Morning Bitches: Aja, Alexis Michelle, Farrah Moan, Sasha Velour, Shea Couleé and Valentina
Team Not on Today: Charlie Hides, Cynthia Lee Fontaine, Eureka, Farrah Moan, Nina Bo'nina Brown and Trinity Taylor
On the runway, category is Naughty Nighties. Team Good Morning Bitches is the winning team, with Sasha Velour and Shea Couleé both winning the challenge. Team Not on Today is the losing team. Charlie Hides, Peppermint and Trinity Taylor receive negative critiques, with Peppermint being safe. Charlie Hides and Trinity Taylor lip-sync to "I Wanna Go" by Britney Spears. Trinity Taylor wins the lip-sync and Charlie Hides sashays away.

Guest Judges: Jeffrey Bowyer-Chapman and Naya Rivera
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Main Challenge: In teams, produce a live morning talk show
Runway Theme: Naughty Nighties
Challenge Winners: Sasha Velour and Shea Couleé
Challenge Prize: $1000 and a year-supply of hamburgers courtesy of Hamburger Mary's
Bottom Two: Charlie Hides and Trinity Taylor
Lip-Sync Song: "I Wanna Go" by Britney Spears
Eliminated: Charlie Hides
Farewell message: "Ladies, I've enjoyed getting to know each + every one of you! Slay it. xo Charlie"
108	5	"Reality Stars: The Musical"	April 21, 2017
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will shoot a sexy selfie with the pit crew. For this week's main challenge, the queens will star in Kardashian: The Musical.

Aja plays Kourtney Kardashian
Alexis Michelle plays Kris Jenner
Cynthia Lee Fontaine plays Kim Kardashian
Eureka plays North West
Farrah Moan plays Kylie Jenner
Nina Bo'nina Brown plays Khloé Kardashian
Peppermint plays Britney Spears
Sasha Velour plays Lindsay Lohan
Shea Couleé plays Blac Chyna
Trinity Taylor plays Paris Hilton
Valentina plays Kendall Jenner
On the runway, category is Faux Fur Fabulous. Alexis Michelle, Peppermint and Shea Couleé receive positive critiques, with Shea Couleé winning the challenge. Cynthia Lee Fontaine, Farrah Moan and Nina Bo'nina Brown receive negative critiques, with Nina Bo'nina Brown being safe. Cynthia Lee Fontaine and Farrah Moan lip-sync to "Woman Up" by Meghan Trainor. After the lip-sync, RuPaul reveals that Eureka will be leaving the competition due to her knee injury. She was given an open invitation to return next season. RuPaul then declares both Cynthia Lee Fontaine and Farrah Moan safe, due to Eureka's departure.

Guest Judges: Meghan Trainor and Todrick Hall
Alternating Judge: Carson Kressley
Mini-Challenge: Shoot a sexy selfie with the pit crew
Mini-Challenge Winner: Alexis Michelle
Mini-Challenge Prize: A $1000 gift card from fiercequeen.com
Main Challenge: Star in Kardashian: The Musical
Runway Theme: Faux Fur Fabulous
Challenge Winner: Shea Couleé
Challenge Prize: A Caribbean Cruise by AllOutVacations
Bottom Two: Cynthia Lee Fontaine and Farrah Moan
Lip-Sync Song: "Woman Up" by Meghan Trainor
Removed: Eureka
Farewell message: "Well... Biggie is out but this is NOT the last of Me!! I need all of you to ALWAYS (lol) #beyourselftofreeyourself ♡ Eureka H!! :p"
109	6	"Snatch Game"	April 28, 2017
For this week's main challenge, the queens will play the Snatch Game. Candice Cayne and Denis O'Hare star as the celebrity contestants. The cast consisted of:

Aja as Alyssa Edwards
Alexis Michelle as Liza Minnelli
Cynthia Lee Fontaine as Sofia Vergara
Farrah Moan as Gigi Gorgeous
Nina Bo'nina Brown as Jasmine Masters
Peppermint as NeNe Leakes
Sasha Velour as Marlene Dietrich
Shea Couleé as Naomi Campbell
Trinity Taylor as Amanda Lepore
Valentina as Ariadna Gutiérrez
On the runway, category is Night of a Thousand Madonna's. Alexis Michelle, Nina Bo'nina Brown and Sasha Velour receive positive critiques, with Alexis Michelle winning the challenge. Cynthia Lee Fontaine, Farrah Moan and Peppermint receive negative critiques, with Farrah Moan being safe. Cynthia Lee Fontaine and Peppermint lip-sync to "Music" by Madonna. Peppermint wins the lip-sync and Cynthia Lee Fontaine sashays away.

Guest Judges: Candis Cayne and Denis O'Hare
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Main Challenge: Snatch Game
Runway Theme: Night of a Thousand Madonna's
Challenge Winner: Alexis Michelle
Challenge Prize: A $2000 package from Sparkles Rhinestones
Bottom Two: Cynthia Lee Fontaine and Peppermint
Lip-Sync Song: "Music" by Madonna
Eliminated: Cynthia Lee Fontaine
Farewell message: "Don't stop believe in you!!! Love you, Cucu x xo xo"
110	7	"9021-HO"	May 5, 2017
For this week's main challenge, the queens will act in a 90210 parody spin-off, titled 9021-HO

Aja plays Bethani Glamber Gliessen
Alexis Michelle plays Mirror Monna Dartin
Farrah Moan plays Nelly
Nina Bo'nina Brown plays Blenda Shmaltz
Peppermint plays Brandi Shmaltz
Sasha Velour plays Lunch Lady Kat
Shea Couleé plays Grandrea Zuckerwoman
Trinity Taylor plays Nelly's Mom
Valentina plays Monna Dartin
On the runway, category is Big Hair Everywhere. Shea Couleé, Trinity Taylor and Valentina receive positive critiques, with Trinity Taylor winning the challenge. Aja, Nina Bo'nina Brown and Sasha Velour receive negative critiques, with Sasha Velour being safe. Aja and Nina Bo'nina Brown lip-sync to "Finally" by Cece Peniston. Nina Bo'nina Brown wins the lip-sync and Aja sashays away.

Guest Judges: Jennie Garth and Tori Spelling
Alternating Judge: Carson Kressley
Main Challenge: Act in a 90210 parody spin-off, titled 9021-HO
Runway Theme: Big Hair Everywhere
Challenge Winner: Trinity Taylor
Challenge Prize: $2000 gift card from Fabric Planet
Bottom Two: Aja and Nina Bo'nina Brown
Lip-Sync Song: "Finally" by Cece Peniston
Eliminated: Aja
Farewell message: "Love u guys, please dont be too messy without me! XOXO AJA <3 P.S. Ur all gay!"
111	8	"The Michelle Visage Roast"	May 12, 2017
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will read each other to filth. Valentina wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will perform a roast of Michelle Visage in front of the judges and a live audience.

On the runway, Peppermint, Sasha Velour and Shea Couleé receive positive critiques, with Peppermint winning the challenge. Alexis Michelle, Farrah Moan and Trinity Taylor receive negative critiques, with Trinity Taylor being safe. Alexis Michelle and Farrah Moan lip-sync to "Baby I'm Burning" by Dolly Parton. Alexis Michelle wins the lip-sync and Farrah Moan sashays away.

Guest Judges: Fortune Feimster and Tamar Braxton
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Mini-Challenge: Reading is Fundamental
Mini-Challenge Winner: Valentina
Mini-Challenge Prize: 4-night stay at Saguaro in Palm Springs
Main Challenge: Perform a roast of Michelle Visage in front of the judges and a live audience
Challenge Winner: Peppermint
Challenge Prize: 5-year membership with SquareSpace
Bottom Two: Alexis Michelle and Farrah Moan
Lip-Sync Song: "Baby I'm Burning" by Dolly Parton
Eliminated: Farrah Moan
Farewell message: "Hey ladies! I love you all sooo much. You are all superstars and it's so special to finally have a real family. Good luck & DON'T F**K IT UP! <3 Farrah Moan"
112	9	"Your Pilot's on Fire"	May 19, 2017
For this week's main challenge, the queens will pair up and create, write, and star in their own TV pilots.

Teets & Asky - Sasha Velour and Shea Couleé
Nina & Tina - Nina Bo'nina Brown and Valentina
Mary, Mother of Gay - Alexis Michelle, Peppermint and Trinity Taylor
On the runway, category is Club Kid Couture. Peppermint, Sasha Velour, Shea Couleé and Trinity Taylor receive positive critiques, with Sasha Velour and Shea Couleé both winning the challenge. Alexis Michelle, Nina Bo'nina Brown and Valentina receive negative critiques, with Alexis Michelle being safe. Nina Bo'nina Brown and Valentina lip-sync to "Greedy" by Ariana Grande. Nina Bo'nina Brown wins the lip-sync and Valentina sashays away.

Guest Judges: Lisa Robertson and Noah Galvin
Alternating Judge: Carson Kressley
Main Challenge: In pairs, create, write, and star in their own TV pilots
Runway Theme: Club Kid Couture
Challenge Winners: Sasha Velour and Shea Couleé
Challenge Prize: A $1000 gift certificate from The Spa On Rodeo and a supply of Aquage Professional Haircare products
Bottom Two: Nina Bo'nina Brown and Valentina
Lip-Sync Song: "Greedy" by Ariana Grande
Eliminated: Valentina
Farewell message: "Ladies, I love you with all my heart. If ever you need me, I'm yours. Con Amor. Valentina"
113	10	"Crew Better Work"	May 26, 2017
For this week's main challenge, the queens will makeover members of the "Drag Race crew.

On the runway, Sasha Velour and Trinity Taylor receive positive critiques, with Trinity Taylor winning the challenge. Alexis Michelle, Nina Bo'nina Brown and Shea Couleé receive negative critiques, with Alexis Michelle being safe. Nina Bo'nina Brown and Shea Couleé lip-sync to "Cool for the Summer" by Demi Lovato. Shea Couleé wins the lip-sync and Nina Bo'nina Brown sashays away.

Guest Judges: Kesha and Zaldy
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Main Challenge: Makeover members of the Drag Race crew
Challenge Winner: Trinity Taylor
Challenge Prize: Two custom gowns made by David Meister, and a $2,000 gift certificate to Klein Epstein Parker for her drag sister
Bottom Two: Nina Bo'nina Brown and Shea Couleé
Lip-Sync Song: "Cool for the Summer" by Demi Lovato
Eliminated: Nina Bo'nina Brown
Farewell message: "Debbie Downer is gone. SUE ME! Shae Coulee hope you struggle cleaning this LOL. Love you all ♡"
114	11	"The Gayest Ball Ever"	June 2, 2017
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will have a bitchfest with puppets. Sasha Velour wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will create three looks for The Gayest Ball Ever: Rainbow-She-Better-Do, Sexy Unicorn and Village People Eleganza Extravaganza.

On the runway, Sasha Velour and Shea Couleé receive positive critiques, with Shea Couleé winning the challenge. Alexis Michelle, Peppermint and Trinity Taylor receive negative critiques, with Trinity Taylor being safe. Alexis Michelle and Peppermint lip-sync to "Macho Man" by Village People. Peppermint wins the lip-sync and Alexis Michelle sashays away.

Guest Judges: Andie MacDowell and Joan Smalls
Alternating Judge: Carson Kressley
Mini-Challenge: Everybody Loves Puppets
Mini-Challenge Winner: Sasha Velour
Mini-Challenge Prize: A $500 gift card for Today Tix
Main Challenge: The Gayest Ball Ever
Runway Themes: Rainbow-She-Better-Do, Sexy Unicorn and Village People Eleganza Extravaganza
Challenge Winner: Shea Couleé
Challenge Prize: 2 VIP tickets to Cirque du Soleil Zumanity in Las Vegas, including flights and accommodation
Bottom Two: Alexis Michelle and Peppermint
Lip-Sync Song: "Macho Man" by Village People
Eliminated: Alexis Michelle
Farewell message: "Wishes come true, not free. you're my sisters... always."
115	12	"Category Is…"	June 9, 2017
For the final challenge of the season, the queens will write, record and perform their own verses to RuPaul's song "Category Is".

On the runway, category is Best Drag. The remaining queens then lip-sync to "U Wear It Well" by RuPaul. After the lip-sync, RuPaul does not eliminate anyone, and Peppermint, Sasha Velour, Shea Couleé and Trinity Taylor are the finalists.

Alternating Judge(s): Carson Kressley and Ross Mathews
Main Challenge: Write, record and perform their own verses to RuPaul's song "Category Is"
Runway Theme: Best Drag
Lip Sync Song: "U Wear It Well" by RuPaul
Eliminated: None
116	13	"Reunited"	June 16, 2017
The queens all return for the reunion. Discussions include, Charlie Hides' lip-sync, Valentina's elimination and Aja and Valentina's Untucked fight. It is then announced that Valentina is this season's Miss Congeniality.

Miss Congeniality: Valentina
117	14	"Grand Finale"	June 23, 2017
All the queens return for the finale. RuPaul then tells the final four queens that they will be performing in a lip-sync smackdown for the crown. The first lip-sync is between Peppermint and Trinity Taylor. They lip-sync to "Stronger" by Britney Spears. Peppermint wins the lip-sync and Trinity Taylor is eliminated. The second lip-sync is between Sasha Velour and Shea Couleé. They lip-sync to "So Emotional" by Whitney Houston. Sasha Velour wins the lip-sync and Shea Couleé is eliminated. The final lip-sync is between Peppermint and Sasha Velour. They lip-sync to "It's Not Right But It's Okay" (Thunderpuss Remix) by Whitney Houston. It is announced that Sasha Velour is the winner, leaving Peppermint as the runner-up.

Finals venue: Alex Theatre, Glendale, California
Final Four: Peppermint, Sasha Velour, Shea Couleé and Trinity Taylor
Lip Sync Smackdown #1: Peppermint vs. Trinity Taylor
Lip Sync Song: "Stronger" by Britney Spears
Eliminated: Trinity Taylor
Lip Sync Smackdown #2: Sasha Velour vs. Shea Couleé
Lip Sync Song: "So Emotional" by Whitney Houston
Eliminated: Shea Couleé
Lip Sync Smackdown #3: Peppermint vs. Sasha Velour
Lip Sync Song: "It's Not Right But It's Okay" (Thunderpuss Remix) by Whitney Houston
Runner-up: Peppermint
Winner of RuPaul's Drag Race Season Nine: Sasha Velour


No.
overall	No. in
season	Title	Original air date
118	1	"10s Across the Board[27]"	March 22, 2018[1]
Thirteen new queens enter the workroom. Eureka, who was forced to withdraw last season due to a knee injury, made a comeback to compete again. For the first mini-challenge, the queens will have to stand out on the runway among a sea of legendary queens from past seasons. Monét X Change wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will design an outfit made from items found at a 99 cent store.

On the runway, Blair St. Clair, Mayhem Miller, Miz Cracker and Yuhua Hamasaki receive positive critiques, with Mayhem Miller winning the challenge. Dusty Ray Bottoms, Kalorie Karbdashian Williams and Vanessa Vanjie Mateo receive negative critiques, with Dusty Ray Bottoms being safe. Kalorie Karbdashian Williams and Vanessa Vanjie Mateo lip-sync to "Ain't No Other Man" by Christina Aguilera. Kalorie Karbdashian Williams wins the lip-sync and Vanessa Vanjie Mateo sashays away.

Guest Judge: Christina Aguilera
Alternating Judges: Carson Kressley and Ross Mathews
Mini-Challenge: Stand out on the runway among a sea of legendary queens from past seasons
Mini-Challenge Winner: Monét X Change
Mini-Challenge Prize: $2,000 gift card to FierceQueen.com
Main Challenge: Design an outfit made from items found at a 99 cent store
Challenge Winner: Mayhem Miller
Challenge Prize: A luxury Hawaiian getaway to Hale Mohalu Guesthouse and Retreat
Bottom Two: Kalorie Karbdashian Williams and Vanessa Vanjie Mateo
Lip-Sync Song: "Ain't No Other Man" by Christina Aguilera
Eliminated: Vanessa Vanjie Mateo
Farewell Message: "Ladies I ❤ U The Vanjie way! xoxo Vanessa ❤!"
119	2	"PharmaRusical[27]"	March 29, 2018[28]
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will participate in the Hay Girl Hay hoedown. Asia O'Hara and The Vixen win the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will perform in PharmaRusical.

Team Asia O'Hara: Aquaria, Asia O'Hara, Dusty Ray Bottoms, Eureka, Kalorie Karbdashian Williams, Monique Heart and Yuhua Hamasaki
Team The Vixen: Blair St. Clair, Kameron Michaels, Mayhem Miller, Miz Cracker and Monét X Change
On the runway, category is Very Best Drag. Team The Vixen is the winning team, with The Vixen winning the challenge. Team Asia O'Hara is the losing team. Eureka, Kalorie Karbdashian Williams and Monique Heart receive negative critiques, with Monique Heart being safe. Eureka and Kalorie Karbdashian Williams lip-sync to "Best of My Love" by The Emotions. Eureka wins the lip-sync and Kalorie Karbdashian Williams sashays away.

Guest Judges: Halsey and Padma Lakshmi
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Mini-Challenge: Participate in the Hay Girl Hay hoedown
Mini-Challenge Winners: Asia O'Hara and The Vixen
Main Challenge: PharmaRusical
Runway Theme: Very Best Drag
Challenge Winner: The Vixen
Challenge Prize: Jewelry from Fierce Drag Jewels and a $2,000 gift card to Nailed by Cristy
Bottom Two: Eureka and Kalorie Karbdashian Williams
Lip-Sync Song: "Best of My Love" by The Emotions
Eliminated: Kalorie Karbdashian Williams
Farewell Message: "Thank you Sisters. I'm So Blessed to have met you all. Keep it Kute! KKW"
120	3	"Tap That App[27]"	April 5, 2018[28]
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will perform in screen tests for Ru's provocative new RuPaul's Chocolate Bar campaign. Blair St. Clair, Monét X Change and Monique Heart win the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will team up and film ads for new dating apps.

End of Days - Blair St. Clair, Eureka, Miz Cracker and The Vixen
Fibstr - Dusty Ray Bottoms, Kameron Michaels, Mayhem Miller and Monique Heart
Madam ButtrFace - Aquaria, Asia O'Hara, Monét X Change and Yuhua Hamasaki
On the runway, category is Feathers. Asia O'Hara, Blair St. Clair and Eureka receive positive critiques, with Asia O'Hara winning the challenge. Kameron Michaels, Mayhem Miller and Yuhua Hamasaki receive negative critiques, with Kameron Michaels being safe. Mayhem Miller and Yuhua Hamasaki lip-sync to . Mayhem Miller wins the lip-sync and Yuhua Hamasaki sashays away.

Guest Judges: Courtney Love and Nico Tortorella
Alternating Judge: Carson Kressley
Mini-Challenge: Perform in screen tests for Ru's provocative new RuPaul's Chocolate Bar campaign
Mini-Challenge Winners: Blair St. Clair, Monét X Change, and Monique Heart
Main Challenge: In teams, film ads for new dating apps
Runway Theme: Feathers
Challenge Winner: Asia O'Hara
Challenge Prize: A $2,000 gift card to Casper Sleep and a $3,000 gift card to Catherine D'Lish
Bottom Two: Mayhem Miller and Yuhua Hamasaki
Lip-Sync Song: "Celebrity Skin" by Hole
Eliminated: Yuhua Hamasaki
Farewell Message: "我爱 you (I love you all! Season 10 is going to be amazing! - Yuhua Hamasaki)"
121	4	"The Last Ball on Earth[27]"	April 12, 2018[28]
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will photobomb iconic celebrity pictures. Aquaria wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will create three looks for The Last Ball on Earth: Alaskan Winter Realness, Miami Summer Realness and Martian Eleganza Extravaganza.

On the runway, Aquaria, Kameron Michaels and Miz Cracker receive positive critiques, with Aquaria winning the challenge. Asia O'Hara, Dusty Ray Bottoms and Monét X Change receive negative critiques, with Asia O'Hara being safe. Dusty Ray Bottoms and Monét X Change lip-sync to "Pound the Alarm" by Nicki Minaj. Monét X Change wins the lip-sync and Dusty Ray Bottoms sashays away.

Guest Judges: Logan Browning and Tisha Campbell
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Mini-Challenge: Photobomb iconic celebrity pictures
Mini-Challenge Winner: Aquaria
Mini-Challenge Prize: A $1,000 credit to Postmates
Main Challenge: The Last Ball on Earth
Runway Themes: Alaskan Winter Realness, Miami Summer Realness and Martian Eleganza Extravaganza
Challenge Winner: Aquaria
Challenge Prize: A $2,000 gift card to D Bleu Dazzled and wigs courtesy of RockStar Wigs
Bottom Two: Dusty Ray Bottoms and Monét X Change
Lip-Sync Song: "Pound the Alarm" by Nicki Minaj
Eliminated: Dusty Ray Bottoms
Farewell Message: "NEVA LAVD YA! ❤ Dusty"
122	5	"The Bossy Rossy Show[27]"	April 19, 2018[28]
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will create a military inspired outfit to enlist in the Drag Army. The Vixen wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will pair up and improvise in the new day-time talk show "Bossy Rossy".

I Married A Cactus! - Blair St. Clair and Monique Heart
My Freaky Addiction is Ruining My Life! - Kameron Michaels and Monét X Change
Save Me From My Deadly Fear of... Pickles! - Mayhem Miller and Miz Cracker
Why Are You So Obsessed with Me? - Asia O'Hara and The Vixen
Look At Me! I'm a Sexy Baby! - Aquaria and Eureka
On the runway, category is Denim and Diamonds. Eureka, Monique Heart and Miz Cracker receive positive critiques, with Eureka winning the challenge. Mayhem Miller, Monét X Change and The Vixen receive negative critiques, with The Vixen being safe. Mayhem Miller and Monét X Change lip-sync to "Man! I Feel Like A Woman!" by Shania Twain. Monét X Change wins the lip-sync and Mayhem Miller sashays away.

Guest Judges: Carrie Preston and Shania Twain
Alternating Judge: Carson Kressley
Mini-Challenge: Create a military inspired outfit to enlist in the Drag Army
Mini-Challenge Winner: The Vixen
Main Challenge: In pairs, improvise in the new day-time talk show "Bossy Rossy"
Runway Theme: Denim and Diamonds
Challenge Winner: Eureka
Challenge Prize: 2 VIP tickets to Cirque du Soleil: Zumanity in Las Vegas, including flights and accommodation
Bottom Two: Mayhem Miller and Monét X Change
Lip-Sync Song: "Man! I Feel Like a Woman!" by Shania Twain
Eliminated: Mayhem Miller
Farewell Message: "I ❤ to PARTY xoxo May"
123	6	"Drag Con Panel Extravaganza[27]"	April 26, 2018[28]
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will have to identify objects by only sitting on them. Asia O'Hara wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will team up to create and produce RuPaul's DragCon panels in front of a live audience.

Body - Eureka, Kameron Michaels and Monét X Change
Face - Aquaria, Asia O'Hara and Monique Heart
Hair - Blair St. Clair, Miz Cracker and The Vixen
On the runway, category is Hats Incredible. Eureka, Kameron Michaels and Monét X Change receive positive critiques, with Eureka winning the challenge. Blair St. Clair, Miz Cracker and The Vixen receive negative critiques, with Miz Cracker being safe. Blair St. Clair and The Vixen lip-sync to "I'm Coming Out" by Diana Ross. The Vixen wins the lip-sync and Blair St. Clair sashays away.

Guest Judges: Kumail Nanjiani and Emily V. Gordon
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Mini-Challenge: Identify objects by only sitting on them
Mini-Challenge Winner: Asia O'Hara
Mini-Challenge Prize: A $2,000 hair care package from Art Lab Salon
Main Challenge: In teams, create and produce RuPaul's DragCon panels in front of a live audience
Runway Theme: Hats Incredible
Challenge Winner: Eureka
Challenge Prize: A Four-night stay and spa treatments for 2 at Saguaro in Palm Springs
Bottom Two: Blair St. Clair and The Vixen
Lip-Sync Song: "I'm Coming Out" by Diana Ross
Eliminated: Blair St. Clair
Farewell Message: "Let me be your STAR! xoxo Blair St. Clair"
124	7	"Snatch Game[27]"	May 3, 2018[28]
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens read each other to filth. Eureka wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens play the Snatch Game. Audra McDonald and Kate Upton star as the celebrity contestants. The cast consisted of:

Aquaria as Melania Trump
Asia O'Hara as Beyoncé
Eureka as Alana "Honey Boo Boo" Thompson
Kameron Michaels as Chyna
Miz Cracker as Dorothy Parker
Monét X Change as Maya Angelou
Monique Heart as Maxine Waters
The Vixen as Blue Ivy Carter
On the runway, category is Mermaid Fantasy. Aquaria, Eureka and Monét X Change receive positive critiques, with Aquaria winning the challenge. Asia O'Hara, Monique Heart and The Vixen receive negative critiques, with Asia O'Hara being safe. Monique Heart and The Vixen lip-sync to "Cut to the Feeling" by Carly Rae Jepsen. The Vixen wins the lip-sync and Monique Heart sashays away.

Guest Judges: Audra McDonald and Kate Upton
Alternating Judge: Carson Kressley
Mini-Challenge: Reading is Fundamental
Mini-Challenge Winner: Eureka
Mini-Challenge Prize: A $2,000 gift card to l.a.Eyeworks
Main Challenge: Snatch Game
Runway Theme: Mermaid Fantasy
Challenge Winner: Aquaria
Challenge Prize: A 6-night stay at Grove Hotel on Fire Island
Bottom Two: Monique Heart and The Vixen
Lip-Sync Song: "Cut to the Feeling" by Carly Rae Jepsen
Eliminated: Monique Heart
Farewell Message: "Always abide in love & learn your words! Facts are facts"
125	8	"The Unauthorized Rusical[27]"	May 10, 2018[28]
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will attempt to make RuPaul slap them. Asia O'Hara wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will sing live and perform in Cher: The Unauthorized Rusical.

Aquaria plays Disco Cher
Asia O'Hara plays Movie Star Cher
Eureka plays Rockstar Cher
Kameron Michaels plays 60s Cher
Miz Cracker plays Comeback Cher
Monét X Change and The Vixen both play 70s Variety Show Cher
On the runway, category is Glitterific. Kameron Michaels and Monét X Change receive positive critiques, with Kameron Michaels winning the challenge. Aquaria, Asia O'Hara and The Vixen receive negative critiques, with Aquaria being safe. Asia O'Hara and The Vixen lip-sync to "Groove Is In the Heart" by Deee-Lite. Asia O'Hara wins the lip-sync and The Vixen sashays away.

Guest Judges: Billy Eichner and Andrew Rannells
Alternating Judge: Carson Kressley
Mini-Challenge: Attempt to make RuPaul slap them
Mini-Challenge Winner: Asia O'Hara
Mini-Challenge Prize: A $2,000 gift card to Sparkles Rhinestones
Main Challenge: Cher: The Unauthorized Rusical
Runway Theme: Glitterific
Challenge Winner: Kameron Michaels
Challenge Prize: A luxury VIP getaway to Sofitel Hotel in Los Angeles
Bottom Two: Asia O'Hara and The Vixen
Lip-Sync Song: "Groove Is In the Heart" by Deee-Lite
Eliminated: The Vixen
Farewell Message: "EVIL Triumps when good queens do nothing! Buy My Album The Vixen"
126	9	"Breastworld[27]"	May 17, 2018[28]
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will have to find matching pairs of the pit crew's underwear. Aquaria wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will act in the new hit series "Breastworld".

Aquaria plays Dyslexa
Asia O'Hara plays Para Salin
Eureka plays Rosi
Kameron Michaels plays Muffy
Miz Cracker plays Julie
Monét X Change plays Viv
On the runway, category is Silver Foxy. Aquaria, Asia O'Hara and Monét X Change receive positive critiques, with Asia O'Hara winning the challenge. Eureka, Kameron Michaels and Miz Cracker receive negative critiques, with Miz Cracker being safe. Eureka and Kameron Michaels lip-sync to "New Attitude" by Patti LaBelle. They are both declared the winners of the lip-sync and no one goes home.

Guest Judges: Abbi Jacobson and Ilana Glazer
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Mini-Challenge: Find matching pairs of pit crew's underwear
Mini-Challenge Winner: Aquaria
Main Challenge: Act in the new hit series "Breastworld"
Runway Theme: Silver Foxy
Challenge Winner: Asia O'Hara
Challenge Prize: A 4-night stay at Frog Meadow Farm in Vermont
Bottom Two: Eureka and Kameron Michaels
Lip-Sync Song: "New Attitude" by Patti LaBelle
Eliminated: None
127	10	"Social Media Kings Into Queens[27]"	May 24, 2018[29]
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will participate in a manly photoshoot advertising a new body spray called "Trade". Eureka wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will makeover social media superstars.

On the runway, category is Drag Family Values. Asia O'Hara, Eureka and Miz Cracker receive positive critiques, with Miz Cracker winning the challenge. Aquaria, Kameron Michaels and Monét X Change receive negative critiques, with Aquaria being safe. Kameron Michaels and Monét X Change lip-sync to "Good as Hell" by Lizzo. Kameron Michaels wins the lip-sync and Monét X Change sashays away.

Guest Judges: Miles Heizer and Lizzo
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Mini-Challenge: Participate in a manly photoshoot advertising a new body spray called "Trade"
Mini-Challenge Winner: Eureka
Mini-Challenge Prize: A $2,000 gift card to MuLondon
Main Challenge: Makeover social media superstars
Runway Theme: Drag Family Values
Challenge Winner: Miz Cracker
Challenge Prize: A $2,000 gift card to Jane Doe Latex for the queen and a $2,000 gift card to Klein, Epstein, and Parker for their partner
Bottom Two: Kameron Michaels and Monét X Change
Lip-Sync Song: "Good as Hell" by Lizzo
Eliminated: Monét X Change
Farewell Message: "Long Live the Sponge!!! MXC"
128	11	"Evil Twins[27]"	June 7, 2018[29]
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will decorate a pancake in edible drag. Asia O'Hara wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will present two characters on the runway: best self and evil twin.

On the runway, Aquaria, Asia O'Hara and Eureka receive positive critiques, with Aquaria winning the challenge. Kameron Michaels and Miz Cracker receive negative critiques, and are announced as the bottom two. They lip-sync to "Nasty Girl" by Vanity 6. Kameron Michaels wins the lip-sync and Miz Cracker sashays away.

Guest Judges: Lena Dunham and Ashanti
Alternating Judge: Carson Kressley
Mini-Challenge: Decorate a pancake in edible drag
Mini-Challenge Winner: Asia O'Hara
Mini-Challenge Prize: A $2,000 gift card to The Spa on Rodeo
Main Challenge: Present two characters on the runway: best self and evil twin
Challenge Winner: Aquaria
Challenge Prize: A trip for 2 to The Grand Resort and Spa in Fort Lauderdale and two luggage sets from Radden Luggage
Bottom two: Kameron Michaels and Miz Cracker
Lip-Sync Song: "Nasty Girl" by Vanity 6
Eliminated: Miz Cracker
Farewell Message: "KNOW YOURSELF M"
129	12	"American[27]"	June 14, 2018[29]
For the final challenge of the season, the queens will write, record and perform their own verses to RuPaul's song "American".

On the runway, category is Final Four Eleganza Extravaganza. The remaining queens then lip-sync to "Call Me Mother" by RuPaul. After the lip-sync, Aquaria, Asia O'Hara, Eureka and Kameron Michaels are announced as the finalists.

Guest Judge: Todrick Hall
Alternating Judges: Carson Kressley and Ross Mathews
Main Challenge: Write, record, and perform their own verses to RuPaul's song "American"
Runway Theme: Final Four Eleganza Extravaganza
Lip-Sync Song: "Call Me Mother" by RuPaul
Eliminated: None
130	13	"Queens Reunited[27]"	June 21, 2018[29]
The queens all return for the reunion. Discussions include: Vanessa Vanjie Mateo becoming a viral sensation, epic lip-sync moments of the season, The Vixen's confrontational moments, and the eliminated queens all pick who they think deserves the crown.
131	14	"Grand Finale[27]"	June 28, 2018[29]
All the queens return for the grand finale. Monét X Change is announced as this season's Miss Congeniality. RuPaul then announces that the queens will take part in the lip-sync smackdown for the crown. The first lip-sync is between Asia O'Hara and Kameron Michaels. They lip-sync to "Nasty" by Janet Jackson. Kameron Michaels wins the lip-sync and Asia O'Hara is eliminated. The second lip-sync is between Aquaria and Eureka. They lip-sync to "If" by Janet Jackson. They both win the lip-sync and move on to the final round. The final lip-sync is between Aquaria, Eureka and Kameron Michaels. They lip-sync to "Bang Bang" by Ariana Grande, Jessie J, and Nicki Minaj. It is announced that Aquaria is the winner, leaving Eureka and Kameron Michaels as the runners-up.

Finals venue: Ace Theater, Los Angeles, California
Final Four: Aquaria, Asia O'Hara, Eureka and Kameron Michaels
Miss Congeniality: Monét X Change
Lip-Sync Smackdown #1: Asia O'Hara vs. Kameron Michaels
Lip-Sync Song: "Nasty" by Janet Jackson
Eliminated: Asia O'Hara
Lip-Sync Smackdown #2: Aquaria vs. Eureka
Lip-Sync Song: "If" by Janet Jackson
Eliminated: None
Lip-Sync Smackdown #3: Aquaria vs. Eureka vs. Kameron Michaels
Lip-Sync Song: "Bang Bang" by Ariana Grande, Jessie J, and Nicki Minaj
Runners-up: Eureka and Kameron Michaels
Winner of RuPaul's Drag Race Season Ten: Aquaria

No.
overall	No. in
season	Title	Original air date
132	1	"Whatcha Unpackin?"	February 28, 2019
Fourteen new queens enter the workroom. Vanessa Vanjie Mateo, who was eliminated first last season, made a comeback to compete again. For the first mini-challenge, the queens will do a photoshoot with past Drag Race queens. Silky Nutmeg Ganache wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will design an outfit using materials belonging to former RuPaul's Drag Race queens.

A'keria C. Davenport - BeBe Zahara Benet
Ariel Versace - Laganja Estranja
Brooke Lynn Hytes - Detox
Honey Davenport - BenDeLaCreme
Kahanna Montrese - Katya
Mercedes Iman Diamond - Bianca Del Rio
Nina West - Thorgy Thor
Plastique Tiara - Sasha Velour
Ra'Jah O'Hara - Kennedy Davenport
Scarlet Envy - Violet Chachki
Shuga Cain - Sharon Needles
Silky Nutmeg Ganache - Peppermint
Soju - Kim Chi
Vanessa Vanjie Mateo - Valentina
Yvie Oddly - Alaska
On the runway, A'keria C. Davenport, Brooke Lynn Hytes, Plastique Tiara and Vanessa Vanjie Mateo receive positive critiques, with Brooke Lynn Hytes winning the challenge. Kahanna Montrese, Mercedes Iman Diamond, Nina West and Soju receive negative critiques, with Mercedes Iman Diamond and Nina West being safe. Kahanna Montrese and Soju lip-sync to "The Best of Both Worlds" by Hannah Montana. Kahanna Montrese wins the lip-sync and Soju is the first queen to sashay away.

Guest Judge: Miley Cyrus
Alternating Judges: Carson Kressley and Ross Mathews
Mini-Challenge: Photoshoot with past Drag Race queens
Mini-Challenge Winner: Silky Nutmeg Ganache
Mini-Challenge Prize: A $2,000 gift card from Arda Wigs
Main Challenge: Design an outfit using materials belonging to former RuPaul's Drag Race queens
Challenge Winner: Brooke Lynn Hytes
Challenge Prize: A seven night stay in Paris, France courtesy of misterb&b
Bottom Two: Kahanna Montrese and Soju
Lip-Sync Song: "The Best of Both Worlds" by Hannah Montana
Eliminated: Soju
Farewell Message: "I LOVE ALL OF YOU CYSTERS! HAVE FUN ♥︎ — GEONBAE, BITCHES! SOJU ♥︎"
133	2	"Good God Girl, Get Out"	March 7, 2019
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will photobomb iconic celebrity pictures. Brooke Lynn Hytes and Silky Nutmeg Ganache win the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will perform in drag film adaptions of Black Panther and Get Out.

Team Good God Girl, Get Out!: A'keria C. Davenport, Kahanna Montrese, Mercedes Iman Diamond, Silky Nutmeg Ganache, Scarlet Envy, Vanessa Vanjie Mateo and Yvie Oddly
Team Why It Gotta Be Black, Panther?: Ariel Versace, Brooke Lynn Hytes, Honey Davenport, Nina West, Plastique Tiara, Ra'Jah O'Hara and Shuga Cain
On the runway, category is What's Your Sign? Plastique Tiara, Scarlet Envy, Shuga Cain and Yvie Oddly receive positive critiques, with Scarlet Envy and Yvie Oddly both winning the challenge. Ariel Versace, Brooke Lynn Hytes, Kahanna Montrese and Mercedes Iman Diamond receive negative critiques, with Ariel Versace and Brooke Lynn Hytes being safe. Kahanna Montrese and Mercedes Iman Diamond lip-sync to "Work Bitch" by Britney Spears. Mercedes Iman Diamond wins the lip-sync and Kahanna Montrese sashays away.

Guest Judges: Sydelle Noel and Bobby Moynihan
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Mini-Challenge: Photobomb iconic celebrity pictures
Mini-Challenge Winners: Brooke Lynn Hytes and Silky Nutmeg Ganache
Mini-Challenge Prize: A $1,000 gift card from Fierce Queen
Main Challenge: Perform in drag film adaptations of Black Panther and Get Out
Runway Theme: What's Your Sign?
Challenge Winners: Scarlet Envy and Yvie Oddly
Challenge Prize: A $2,500 gift card from The Crème Shop
Bottom Two: Kahanna Montrese and Mercedes Iman Diamond
Lip-Sync Song: "Work Bitch" by Britney Spears
Eliminated: Kahanna Montrese
Farewell Message: "For the first time I’ve felt like I truly belonged. Thank you for embracing me & making me feel loved. Xoxo, Kahanna"
134	3	"Diva Worship"	March 14, 2019
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will have to seduce their way into a Seduction concert. Nina West and Ra'Jah O'Hara win the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will star in a she-vangelical talk show worshipping a diva.

Team Britney Spears - Ariel Versace, Brooke Lynn Hytes, Mercedes Iman Diamond, Nina West, Silky Nutmeg Ganache, Vanessa Vanjie Mateo and Yvie Oddly
Team Mariah Carey - A'keria C. Davenport, Honey Davenport, Plastique Tiara, Ra'Jah O'Hara, Scarlet Envy and Shuga Cain
On the runway, category is Fringe. Team Britney Spears is the winning team, with Nina West winning the challenge. Team Mariah Carey is the losing team, with A'keria C. Davenport, Honey Davenport, Plastique Tiara, Ra'Jah O'Hara, Scarlet Envy and Shuga Cain being announced as the bottom six. They lip-sync to "Waiting for Tonight (Hex Hector Mix)" by Jennifer Lopez. A'keria C. Davenport, Plastique Tiara, Ra'Jah O'Hara, Scarlet Envy and Shuga Cain win the lip-sync and Honey Davenport sashays away.

Guest Judges: Guillermo Díaz and Troye Sivan
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Mini-Challenge: Seduce your way into a Seduction concert
Mini-Challenge Winners: Nina West and Ra'Jah O'Hara
Mini-Challenge Prize: A $1,500 gift card from J.J. Malibu
Main Challenge: Star in a she-vangelical talk show worshiping a diva
Runway Theme: Fringe
Challenge Winner: Nina West
Challenge Prize: A $3,500 gift card from ISLYNYC
Bottom Six: A'keria C. Davenport, Honey Davenport, Plastique Tiara, Ra'Jah O'Hara, Scarlet Envy and Shuga Cain
Lip-Sync Song: "Waiting for Tonight (Hex Hector Mix)" by Jennifer Lopez
Eliminated: Honey Davenport
Farewell Message: "Sisters, if nothing else show the world your heart. I hope y'all saw mine. Xoxo, Honey"
135	4	"Trump: The Rusical"	March 21, 2019
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will get into Rachel Maddow drag and read from a teleprompter. Scarlet Envy wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will perform in Trump: The Rusical.

A'keria C. Davenport plays Stormy Daniels
Ariel Versace plays Shandy
Brooke Lynn Hytes plays Ivana Trump
Mercedes Iman Diamond plays Ivanka Trump
Nina West plays Sarah Huckabee Sanders
Plastique Tiara plays Melania Trump
Ra'Jah O'Hara plays Omarosa
Scarlet Envy plays Betsy DeVos
Shuga Cain plays Hillary Clinton
Silky Nutmeg Ganache plays Oprah Winfrey
Vanessa Vanjie Mateo plays Rosie O'Donnell
Yvie Oddly plays Kellyanne Conway
On the runway, category is Orange Alert. Brooke Lynn Hytes, Silky Nutmeg Ganache and Yvie Oddly receive positive critiques, with Silky Nutmeg Ganache winning the challenge. Mercedes Iman Diamond, Ra'Jah O'Hara and Vanessa Vanjie Mateo receive negative critiques, with Vanessa Vanjie Mateo being safe. Mercedes Iman Diamond and Ra'Jah O'Hara lip-sync to "Living in America" by James Brown. Ra'Jah O'Hara wins the lip-sync and Mercedes Iman Diamond sashays away.

Guest Judges: Tiffany Pollard and Joel McHale
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Mini-Challenge: Why You Maddow, Tho?
Mini-Challenge Winner: Scarlet Envy
Mini-Challenge Prize: A $3,000 gift card from The Divas Jewels
Main Challenge: Trump: The Rusical
Runway Theme: Orange Alert
Challenge Winner: Silky Nutmeg Ganache
Challenge Prize: A getaway to The Grand Resort and Spa in Fort Lauderdale
Bottom Two: Mercedes Iman Diamond and Ra'Jah O'Hara
Lip-Sync Song: "Living in America" by James Brown
Eliminated: Mercedes Iman Diamond
Farewell Message: "It was so great meeting you gurls. Love y'all, Mercedes"
136	5	"Monster Ball"	March 28, 2019
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will create a living doll. Ra'Jah O'Hara wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will create three looks for The Monster Ball: Trampy Trick or Treater, Witch Please! and MILF Eleganza.

On the runway, Brooke Lynn Hytes, Plastique Tiara and Yvie Oddly receive positive critiques, with Brooke Lynn Hytes winning the challenge. Ariel Versace, Shuga Cain and Silky Nutmeg Ganache receive negative critiques, with Silky Nutmeg Ganache being safe. Ariel Versace and Shuga Cain lip-sync to "I'm Your Baby Tonight" by Whitney Houston. Shuga Cain wins the lip-sync and Ariel Versace sashays away.

Guest Judges: Cara Delevingne and Elvira
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Mini-Challenge: Create a living doll
Mini-Challenge Winner: Ra'Jah O'Hara
Mini-Challenge Prize: A $1,000 gift card from Coolhaus Ice Cream
Main Challenge: The Monster Ball
Runway Themes: Trampy Trick or Treater, Witch Please! and MILF Eleganza
Challenge Winner: Brooke Lynn Hytes
Challenge Prize: A $3,000 gift card from Travelgay.com
Bottom Two: Ariel Versace and Shuga Cain
Lip-Sync Song: "I'm Your Baby Tonight" by Whitney Houston
Eliminated: Ariel Versace
Farewell Message: "You girls taught me what sister (cyster) really is ☹ Kill it! ♡ u girls. Xoxo, Ariel. Mom!!!!"
137	6	"The Draglympics"	April 4, 2019
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will do Galisthenics with Love Connie. A'keria C. Davenport and Plastique Tiara win the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will team up and perform in a free-style floor performance which includes Fanography, Voguing and Shablam.

Team Glamazonia - Nina West, Plastique Tiara, Ra'Jah O'Hara, Scarlet Envy and Vanessa Vanjie Mateo
Team Tuckpanistan - A'keria C. Davenport, Brooke Lynn Hytes, Shuga Cain, Silky Nutmeg Ganache and Yvie Oddly
On the runway, category is All That Glitters is Gold. Team Tuckpanistan is the winning team, with A'keria C. Davenport winning the challenge. Team Glamazonia is the losing team. Nina West, Ra'Jah O'Hara and Scarlet Envy receive negative critiques, with Nina West being safe. Ra'Jah O'Hara and Scarlet Envy lip-sync to "Last Dance" by Donna Summer. Ra'Jah O'Hara wins the lip-sync and Scarlet Envy sashays away.

Guest Judges: Travis Wall, Mirai Nagasu and Adam Rippon
Mini-Challenge: Galisthenics with Love Connie
Mini-Challenge Winners: A'keria C. Davenport and Plastique Tiara
Mini-Challenge Prize: A $1,500 gift card from MuLondon
Main Challenge: Perform in a free-style floor performance which includes Fanography, Voguing and Shablam
Runway Theme: All That Glitters is Gold
Challenge Winner: A'keria C. Davenport
Challenge Prize: A $2,500 gift card from daftboy and $2,500 gift card from Elea's Closet
Bottom Two: Ra'Jah O'Hara and Scarlet Envy
Lip-Sync Song: "Last Dance" by Donna Summer
Eliminated: Scarlet Envy
Farewell Message: "You know she loves a mirror and she loves you too. Meet you on the late night dance floor. XOXO Scarlet"
138	7	"From Farm to Runway"	April 11, 2019
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will participate in a potato sack race serving boob-ography. Nina West and Shuga Cain win the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will create an outfit made out of organic materials.

On the runway, category is Farm to Runway. Brooke Lynn Hytes, Plastique Tiara and Yvie Oddly receive positive critiques, with Plastique Tiara winning the challenge. A'keria C. Davenport, Ra'Jah O'Hara and Silky Nutmeg Ganache receive negative critiques, with Silky Nutmeg Ganache being safe. A'keria C. Davenport and Ra'Jah O'Hara lip-sync to "Strut" by Sheena Easton. A'keria C. Davenport wins the lip-sync and Ra'Jah O'Hara sashays away.

Guest Judges: Kandi Burruss and Amber Valletta
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Mini-Challenge: A potato sack race serving boob-ography
Mini-Challenge Winners: Nina West and Shuga Cain
Mini-Challenge Prize: A $2,500 cash tip courtesy of Hask
Main Challenge: Create an outfit made out of organic materials
Runway Theme: Farm to Runway
Challenge Winner: Plastique Tiara
Challenge Prize: A five night trip to Toronto courtesy of Tourism Toronto
Bottom Two: A'keria C. Davenport and Ra'Jah O'Hara
Lip-Sync Song: "Strut" by Sheena Easton
Eliminated: Ra'Jah O'Hara
Farewell Message: "It's a beautiful day in the 'hood'...wait gotta be my neighbor! XOXO – Rajah. P.S. – She was the only one to take me out! LOL Love y'all"
139	8	"Snatch Game at Sea"	April 18, 2019
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will pitch their own self-help book. Silky Nutmeg Ganache wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will play the Snatch Game at Sea. Tony Hale and Clea Duvall star as the celebrity contestants. The cast consisted of:

A'keria C. Davenport as Tiffany Haddish
Brooke Lynn Hytes as Celine Dion
Nina West as Harvey Fierstein and Jo Anne Worley
Plastique Tiara as Lovely Mimi
Shuga Cain as Charo
Silky Nutmeg Ganache as Ts Madison
Vanessa Vanjie Mateo as Danielle Bregoli
Yvie Oddly as Whoopi Goldberg
On the runway, category is Sequins on the Runway. Nina West, Shuga Cain and Silky Nutmeg Ganache receive positive critiques, with Silky Nutmeg Ganache winning the challenge. Brooke Lynn Hytes, Vanessa Vanjie Mateo and Yvie Oddly receive negative critiques, with Vanessa Vanjie Mateo being safe. Brooke Lynn Hytes and Yvie Oddly lip-sync to "Sorry Not Sorry" by Demi Lovato. They are both declared the winners of the lip-sync and no one goes home.

Guest Judges: Tony Hale and Clea DuVall
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Mini-Challenge: Pitch your own Self-Help Book
Mini-Challenge Winner: Silky Nutmeg Ganache
Mini-Challenge Prize: A $1,000 credit from Postmates
Main Challenge: Snatch Game at Sea
Runway Theme: Sequins on the Runway
Challenge Winner: Silky Nutmeg Ganache
Challenge Prize: A $5,000 gift certificate from VACAYA
Bottom Two: Brooke Lynn Hytes and Yvie Oddly
Lip-Sync Song: "Sorry Not Sorry" by Demi Lovato
Eliminated: None
140	9	"L.A.D.P.!"	April 25, 2019
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will read each other to filth. Brooke Lynn Hytes wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will pair up and perform in an improvised comedy police sketch for the hit TV series "Los Angeles Drag Patrol (L.A.D.P.)"

Twerking Girls Corner Disturbance - A'keria C. Davenport and Yvie Oddly
Indecent Exposure at the Trailer Park - Brooke Lynn Hytes and Nina West
Catfight at the Liquor Store - Plastique Tiara and Vanessa Vanjie Mateo
Back Alley Butt Pads - Shuga Cain and Silky Nutmeg Ganache
On the runway, category is Face-Kini Fantasy. A'keria C. Davenport, Brooke Lynn Hytes and Silky Nutmeg Ganache receive positive critiques, with A'keria C. Davenport winning the challenge. Plastique Tiara, Shuga Cain and Vanessa Vanjie Mateo receive negative critiques, with Shuga Cain being safe. Plastique Tiara and Vanessa Vanjie Mateo lip-sync to "Hood Boy" by Fantasia. Vanessa Vanjie Mateo wins the lip-sync and Plastique Tiara sashays away.

Guest Judges: Fortune Feimster, Cheyenne Jackson and Natasha Lyonne
Mini-Challenge: Reading is Fundamental
Mini-Challenge Winner: Brooke Lynn Hytes
Mini-Challenge Prize: A $2,500 gift card to l.a.Eyeworks
Main Challenge: In pairs, perform in an improvised comedy police sketch for the hit TV series "Los Angeles Drag Patrol (L.A.D.P.)"
Runway Theme: Face-Kini Fantasy
Challenge Winner: A'keria C. Davenport
Challenge Prize: 2 VIP tickets to Cirque du Soleil: Zumanity in Las Vegas, including flights and hotel accommodations
Bottom Two: Plastique Tiara and Vanessa Vanjie Mateo
Lip-Sync Song: "Hood Boy" by Fantasia
Eliminated: Plastique Tiara
Farewell Message: "I love yall so much ♡ Thank you for being so kind! Plastique ♡"
141	10	"Dragracadabra"	May 2, 2019
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens play a game called "Balls to the Wall", where the queens will pair up with a pit crew member to transfer as many balls to a basket, using different parts of their bodies. Vanessa Vanjie Mateo wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will team up to perform a magic show in front of the judges and a live audience.

Team Da Black Magic - A'keria C' Davenport, Silky Nutmeg Ganache, Vanessa Vanjie Mateo and Yvie Oddly
Team The Mighty Tucks - Brooke Lynn Hytes, Nina West and Shuga Cain
On the runway, category is Caftan Realness. Brooke Lynn Hytes and Nina West receive positive critiques, with Nina West winning the challenge. Shuga Cain, Silky Nutmeg Ganache and Vanessa Vanjie Mateo receive negative critiques, with Silky Nutmeg Ganache being safe. Shuga Cain and Vanessa Vanjie Mateo lip-sync to "No More Drama" by Mary J. Blige. Vanessa Vanjie Mateo wins the lip-sync and Shuga Cain sashays away.

Guest Judges: Katherine Langford and Gina Rodriguez
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Mini-Challenge: "Balls to the Wall"
Mini-Challenge Winner: Vanessa Vanjie Mateo
Mini-Challenge Prize: A $2,500 gift card from Dirt Squirrel
Main Challenge: In teams, perform a magic show in front of the judges and a live audience
Runway Theme: Caftan Realness
Challenge Winner: Nina West
Challenge Prize: A $3,000 gift card from Marek & Richard and $3,000 gift card from OutOfOffice.com
Bottom Two: Shuga Cain and Vanessa Vanjie Mateo
Lip-Sync Song: "No More Drama" by Mary J. Blige
Eliminated: Shuga Cain
Farewell Message: "You all hold a very special place in my heart. Make Nana proud ♡ Shuga"
142	11	"Bring Back My Queens!"	May 9, 2019
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will attempt to make the other queens slap them. Brooke Lynn Hytes wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will makeover the eliminated queens.

A'keria C. Davenport and Honey Davenport
Brooke Lynn Hytes and Plastique Tiara
Nina West and Shuga Cain
Silky Nutmeg Ganache and Soju
Vanessa Vanjie Mateo and Ariel Versace
Yvie Oddly and Scarlet Envy
On the runway, category is Drag Family Values. A'keria C. Davenport, Brooke Lynn Hytes and Vanessa Vanjie Mateo receive positive critiques, with Brooke Lynn Hytes winning the challenge. Nina West, Silky Nutmeg Ganache and Yvie Oddly receive negative critiques, with Yvie Oddly being safe. Nina West and Silky Nutmeg Ganache lip-sync to "No Scrubs" by TLC. Silky Nutmeg Ganache wins the lip-sync and Nina West sashays away.

Guest Judges: Lena Waithe and Wanda Sykes
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Mini-Challenge: Attempt to make the other queens slap them
Mini-Challenge Winner: Brooke Lynn Hytes
Mini-Challenge Prize: Nails and lashes from KISS USA, and a wig and styling package from Luxelab
Main Challenge: Makeover the eliminated queens
Runway Theme: Drag Family Values
Challenge Winner: Brooke Lynn Hytes
Challenge Prize: A trip for two to Aruba with complimentary airfare and a five-night stay at the Marriott Resort and Stellaris Casino for Brooke Lynn, and a $2,000 gift card from Klein Epstein & Parker for Plastique Tiara
Bottom Two: Nina West and Silky Nutmeg Ganache
Lip-Sync Song: "No Scrubs" by TLC
Eliminated: Nina West
Farewell Message: "My sisters. I love all of you so much. Thank you for your friendship. Go BIG, Be KIND, Go WEST. Love, Nina – The Pride of Season 11"
143	12	"Queens Everywhere"	May 16, 2019
For the final challenge of the season, the queens will write, record, and perform verses to RuPaul's song "Queens Everywhere".

On the runway, category is Best Drag. A'keria C. Davenport and Yvie Oddly receive positive critiques. Brooke Lynn Hytes, Silky Nutmeg Ganache and Vanessa Vanjie Mateo receive negative critiques, with Silky Nutmeg Ganache being safe. Brooke Lynn Hytes and Vanessa Vanjie Mateo lip-sync to "Pride: A Deeper Love" by Aretha Franklin. Brooke Lynn Hytes wins the lip-sync and Vanessa Vanjie Mateo sashays away.

Guest Judges: Todrick Hall
Alternating Judges: Carson Kressley and Ross Mathews
Main Challenge: Write, record, and perform verses to RuPaul's song "Queens Everywhere"
Runway Theme: Best Drag
Bottom Two: Brooke Lynn Hytes and Vanessa Vanjie Mateo
Lip-Sync Song: "Pride: A Deeper Love" by Aretha Franklin
Eliminated: Vanessa Vanjie Mateo
Farewell Message: "BITCHES! I ♡ you all not just the Vanjie way but the VANESSA VANJIE MATEO way! xoxo "snek it" $ Cut the check!"
144	13	"Reunited"	May 23, 2019
The queens all return for the reunion. Discussions include: Vanessa Vanjie Mateo and Brooke Lynn Hytes' relationship, Ra'Jah O'Hara's drama with Scarlet Envy and Yvie Oddly and Silky Nutmeg Ganache and Yvie Oddly's continuous drama this season.
145	14	"Grand Finale"	May 30, 2019
All the queens return for the grand finale. It is announced that Nina West is this season's Miss Congeniality. RuPaul then announces that the queens will take part in the lip-sync smackdown for the crown. The first lip-sync is between Brooke Lynn Hytes and Silky Nutmeg Ganache. They lip-sync to "Bootylicious" by Destiny's Child. Brooke Lynn Hytes wins the lip-sync and Silky Nutmeg Ganache is eliminated. The second lip-sync is between A'keria C. Davenport and Yvie Oddly. They lip-sync to "SOS" by Rihanna. Yvie Oddly wins the lip-sync and A'keria C. Davenport is eliminated. The final lip-sync is between Brooke Lynn Hytes and Yvie Oddly. They lip-sync to "The Edge of Glory" by Lady Gaga. It is announced that Yvie Oddly is the winner, leaving Brooke Lynn Hytes as the runner-up.

Finals Venue: Orpheum Theater, Los Angeles, California
Final Four: A'keria C. Davenport, Brooke Lynn Hytes, Silky Nutmeg Ganache and Yvie Oddly
Miss Congeniality: Nina West
Lip-Sync Smackdown #1: Brooke Lynn Hytes vs. Silky Nutmeg Ganache
Lip-Sync Song: "Bootylicious" by Destiny's Child
Eliminated: Silky Nutmeg Ganache
Lip-Sync Smackdown #2: A'keria C. Davenport vs. Yvie Oddly
Lip-Sync Song: "SOS" by Rihanna
Eliminated: A'keria C. Davenport
Lip-Sync Smackdown #3: Brooke Lynn Hytes vs. Yvie Oddly
Lip-Sync Song: "The Edge of Glory" by Lady Gaga
Runner-up: Brooke Lynn Hytes
Winner of RuPaul's Drag Race Season Eleven: Yvie Oddly


No.
overall	No. in
season	Title	Original air date
146	1	"I'm That Bitch"	February 28, 2020
Seven new queens enter the workroom. RuPaul then announces that this season will be a split premiere. For the first mini-challenge, the queens will walk the runway showing off two looks: one from their spring collection and one from their fall collection. For the main challenge, the queens will write, record, and perform verses to "I'm That Bitch".

On the runway, category is Sparkles. Brita, Gigi Goode, Jackie Cox and Widow Von'Du receive positive critiques. Heidi N Closet and Nicky Doll receive negative critiques. It is then announced that Gigi Goode and Widow Von'Du are the top two queens of the week and will lip-sync for the win. They lip-sync to "Starships" by Nicki Minaj. After the lip-sync, Widow Von'Du is announced as the winner of the challenge. RuPaul then reveals that no one will be going home.

Guest Judge: Nicki Minaj
Alternating Judge: Carson Kressley
Mini–Challenge: Walk the runway showing off two looks: one from their spring collection and one from their fall collection
Main Challenge: Write, record, and perform verses to "I'm That Bitch"
Runway Theme: Sparkles
Top Two: Gigi Goode and Widow Von'Du
Lip-Sync Song: "Starships" by Nicki Minaj
Challenge Winner: Widow Von'Du
Lip-Sync Prize: A $5,000 cash tip
147	2	"You Don't Know Me"	March 6, 2020
The remaining six queens enter the workroom. For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will walk the runway showing off two looks: one from their spring collection and one from their fall collection. For the main challenge, the queens will write, record, and perform verses to "You Don't Know Me".

On the runway, category is Tulle. Aiden Zhane, Jaida Essence Hall, Jan and Sherry Pie receive positive critiques. Rahlia Sin and Rock M. Sakura receive negative critiques. It is then announced that Jaida Essence Hall and Sherry Pie are the top two queens of the week and will lip-sync for the win. They lip-sync to "Call Your Girlfriend" by Robyn. After the lip-sync, Jaida Essence Hall is announced as the winner of the challenge. RuPaul then reveals that no one will be going home.

Guest Judges: Robyn and Thandie Newton
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Mini–Challenge: Walk the runway showing off two looks: one from their spring collection and one from their fall collection
Main Challenge: Write, record, and perform verses to "You Don't Know Me"
Runway Theme: Tulle
Top Two: Jaida Essence Hall and Sherry Pie
Lip-Sync Song: "Call Your Girlfriend" by Robyn
Challenge Winner: Jaida Essence Hall
Lip-Sync Prize: A $5,000 cash tip
148	3	"World's Worst"	March 13, 2020
For this week's main challenge, the queens will team up and improvise in the talent competition "World's Worst".

Team 3 Girls, 1 Brain: Aiden Zhane, Brita and Sherry Pie
Team Fruity Patooties: Dahlia Sin, Jaida Essence Hall, Jan and Rock M. Sakura
Team Squirrel Scouts: Crystal Methyd, Nicky Doll and Widow Von'Du
Team The Del Rio Triplets: Gigi Goode, Heidi N Closet and Jackie Cox
On the runway, category is Buttons and Bows. Heidi N Closet, Jackie Cox and Sherry Pie receive positive critiques, with Sherry Pie winning the challenge. Crystal Methyd, Dahlia Sin and Nicky Doll receive negative critiques, with Crystal Methyd being safe. Dahlia Sin and Nicky Doll lip-sync to "Problem" by Ariana Grande ft. Iggy Azalea. Nicky Doll wins the lip-sync and Dahlia Sin is the first queen to sashay away.

Guest Judge: Olivia Munn
Alternating Judges: Ross Mathews and Carson Kressley
Main Challenge: In teams, improvise in the talent competition "World's Worst"
Runway Theme: Buttons and Bows
Challenge Winner: Sherry Pie
Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip (VH1 and World of Wonder donated $5,000 to The Trevor Project as a result of Sherry Pie's disqualification from the competition.)[25]
Bottom Two: Dahlia Sin and Nicky Doll
Lip-Sync Song: "Problem" by Ariana Grande ft. Iggy Azalea
Eliminated: Dahlia Sin
Farewell Message: "Keep Ur Heads UP I♡U ALL! -Dahlia ♡"
149	4	"The Ball Ball"	March 20, 2020
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will compete in "The Beehive Jive" dance competition. Gigi Goode wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will create three looks for The Ball Ball: Lady Baller, Basketball Wife Realness and Balls to the Wall Eleganza.

On the runway, Gigi Goode, Jaida Essence Hall and Nicky Doll receive positive critiques, with Gigi Goode winning the challenge. Aiden Zhane, Brita and Rock M. Sakura receive negative critiques, with Aiden Zhane being safe. Brita and Rock M. Sakura lip-sync to "S&M" by Rihanna. Brita wins the lip-sync and Rock M. Sakura sashays away.

Guest Judge: Leslie Jones
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Mini–Challenge: "The Beehive Jive" dance competition
Mini–Challenge Winner: Gigi Goode
Mini–Challenge Prize: A $2,500 cash tip
Main Challenge: The Ball Ball
Runway Themes: Lady Baller, Basketball Wife Realness and Balls to the Wall Eleganza
Challenge Winner: Gigi Goode
Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip
Bottom Two: Brita and Rock M. Sakura
Lip-Sync Song: "S&M" by Rihanna
Eliminated: Rock M. Sakura
Farewell Message: "To all of my special queens, make sure you do what I couldn't do. Love yourself, respect yourself, and remember to show the world that you care about what you believe in. I‘m devastated I couldn‘t stay longer. But choose forward to looks of for memories with you. Rock M. Sakura ♡ Love you all truly ♡"
150	5	"Gay's Anatomy"	March 27, 2020
For this week's main challenge, the queens will overact in a parody of the popular TV show "Grey's Anatomy" called "Gay's Anatomy".

Aiden Zhane plays Henny
Brita plays Dr. Sandra Okurr
Crystal Methyd plays Fork Queen #2
Gigi Goode plays Dr. Tizzy Stevens
Heidi N Closet plays Fork Queen #1
Jackie Cox plays Dr. Meredith Gay #1
Jaida Essence Hall plays Rhonda Shimes
Jan plays Dr. Meredith Gay #2
Nicky Doll plays Baby Dearest
Sherry Pie plays Dr. Mother Gay
Widow Von'Du plays Mimi Dearest
On the runway, category is Planet of the Capes. Aiden Zhane, Gigi Goode, Jan, Jackie Cox, Sherry Pie and Widow Von'Du receive positive critiques, with Sherry Pie winning the challenge. Brita, Heidi N Closet and Nicky Doll receive negative critiques, with Brita being safe. Heidi N Closet and Nicky Doll lip-sync to "Heart to Break" by Kim Petras. Heidi N Closet wins the lip-sync and Nicky Doll sashays away.

Guest Judge: Normani
Alternating Judge: Carson Kressley
Main Challenge: Overact in a parody of the popular TV show "Grey's Anatomy" called "Gay's Anatomy"
Runway Theme: Planet of the Capes
Challenge Winner: Sherry Pie
Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip (VH1 and World of Wonder donated $5,000 to The Trevor Project as a result of Sherry Pie's disqualification from the competition.)
Bottom Two: Heidi N Closet and Nicky Doll
Lip-Sync Song: "Heart to Break" by Kim Petras
Eliminated: Nicky Doll
Farewell Message: "I may not have gotten a crown. But I have gotten a sisterhood. I♡U. Your French sister! (I'm still the prettier) 💋"
151	6	"Snatch Game"	April 3, 2020
For this week's main challenge, the queens will play the Snatch Game. Daniel Franzese and Jonathan Bennett star as the celebrity contestants. The cast consisted of:

Aiden Zhane as Patricia Quinn
Brita as Jennifer Holliday
Crystal Methyd as Poppy
Gigi Goode as Maria the Robot
Heidi N Closet as Leslie Jones
Jackie Cox as Lisa Rinna
Jan as Bernadette Peters
Jaida Essence Hall as Cardi B
Sherry Pie as Katharine Hepburn
Widow Von'Du as Tina Turner and Ike Turner.
On the runway, category is Frozen Eleganza. Gigi Goode, Jackie Cox and Sherry Pie receive positive critiques, with Gigi Goode winning the challenge. Aiden Zhane, Brita and Crystal Methyd receive negative critiques, with Crystal Methyd being safe. Aiden Zhane and Brita lip-sync to "Let It Go" by Caissie Levy. Brita wins the lip-sync and Aiden Zhane sashays away.

Guest Judges: Daniel Franzese and Jonathan Bennett
Alternating Judge: Carson Kressley
Main Challenge: Snatch Game
Runway Theme: Frozen Eleganza
Challenge Winner: Gigi Goode
Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip
Bottom Two: Aiden Zhane and Brita
Lip-Sync Song: "Let It Go" by Caissie Levy
Eliminated: Aiden Zhane
Farewell Message: "I hope my screams were loud enough for you Bitches. You may not know me now but you sure will later ♥︎ Aiden Zhane"
152	7	"Madonna: The Unauthorized Rusical"	April 10, 2020
For this week's main challenge, the queens will perform in Madonna: The Unauthorized Rusical.

Brita plays Cone Bra Madonna
Crystal Methyd plays Enlightened Madonna
Gigi Goode plays Unapologetic Madonna
Heidi N Closet plays Madonna Forever
Jaida Essence Hall plays Sexy Madonna
Jackie Cox plays Boy Toy Madonna
Jan plays Early Madonna
Sherry Pie plays Movie Star Madonna
Widow Von'Du plays Femmepire Madonna
On the runway, category is Night of a Thousand Michelle Visage's. Crystal Methyd, Gigi Goode and Jan receive positive critiques, with Gigi Goode winning the challenge. Brita, Heidi N Closet and Jackie Cox receive negative critiques, with Jackie Cox being safe. Brita and Heidi N Closet lip-sync to "Burning Up" by Madonna. Heidi N Closet wins the lip-sync and Brita sashays away.

Guest Judges: Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and Winnie Harlow
Alternating Judge: Carson Kressley
Main Challenge: Madonna: The Unauthorized Rusical
Runway Theme: Night of a Thousand Michelle Visage's
Challenge Winner: Gigi Goode
Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip
Bottom Two: Brita and Heidi N Closet
Lip-Sync Song: "Burning Up" by Madonna
Eliminated: Brita
Farewell Message: "SIS. SHARE THE JOY! YOU AIN'T SHIT. JK. LOVE YOU ALL. xo BRITA BITCH"
153	8	"Droop"	April 17, 2020
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will pair up and create a box of FabFitFun products for another duo, then gift it to them with shade. Gigi Goode and Jackie Cox win the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will create and market products for the new drag queen lifestyle brand "Droop".

Crystal Methyd - The Magic Mullet, a collection of mullets
Gigi Goode - Goode Night Bitch, a fragrance and sleeping aid
Heidi N Closet - Heidi's Hydrates Multipurpose Lotion, a hydrating lotion
Jackie Cox - Jackie's Magic Carpet Merkins, a collection of merkins
Jaida Essence Hall - Luxuratuck, diamond-encrusted panties
Jan - Sure, Jan, a personal style spray
Sherry Pie - Sherry Pie's Aura Pie, an expensive pie that improves one's aura
Widow Von'Du - Throaté, a throat coating spray
On the runway, category is Black Wedding. Crystal Methyd, Heidi N Closet, Jackie Cox and Jaida Essence Hall receive positive critiques, with Heidi N Closet winning the challenge. Gigi Goode, Jan, Sherry Pie and Widow Von'Du receive negative critiques, with Gigi Goode and Sherry Pie being safe. Jan and Widow Von'Du lip-sync to "This Is My Night" by Chaka Khan. Widow Von'Du wins the lip-sync and Jan sashays away.

Guest Judge: Chaka Khan
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Mini–Challenge: In pairs, create a box of FabFitFun products for another duo, then gift it to them with shade
Mini–Challenge Winners: Gigi Goode and Jackie Cox
Mini–Challenge Prize: A $1,000 cash tip and a 1 year subscription to FabFitFun
Main Challenge: Create and market products for the new drag queen lifestyle brand "Droop"
Runway Theme: Black Wedding
Challenge Winner: Heidi N Closet
Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip
Bottom Two: Jan and Widow Von'Du
Lip-Sync Song: "This Is My Night" by Chaka Khan
Eliminated: Jan
Farewell Message: "Sisters, I'am so happy I got to share this experience with you. Stay humble, grateful, & remember, you're on RuPaul's Drag Race!! :)) I Love you, Jan💋"
154	9	"Choices 2020"	April 24, 2020
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will audition for Kitty Girl 2020. Jackie Cox wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will participate in a presidential debate called "Choices 2020".

On the runway, category is Stars and Stripes Forever. Crystal Methyd, Heidi N Closet and Jaida Essence Hall receive positive critiques, with Jaida Essence Hall winning the challenge. Gigi Goode, Jackie Cox and Widow Von'Du receive negative critiques, with Gigi Goode being safe. Jackie Cox and Widow Von'Du lip-sync to "Firework" by Katy Perry. Jackie Cox wins the lip-sync and Widow Von'Du sashays away.

Guest Judges: Jeff Goldblum and Rachel Bloom
Alternating Judge: Carson Kressley[a]
Mini–Challenge: Audition for Kitty Girl 2020 sponsored by PrettyLitter
Mini–Challenge Winner: Jackie Cox
Mini–Challenge Prize: A $2,500 gift card from Fierce Drag Jewels
Main Challenge: Participate in a presidential debate called "Choices 2020"
Runway Theme: Stars and Stripes Forever
Challenge Winner: Jaida Essence Hall
Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip
Bottom Two: Jackie Cox and Widow Von'Du
Lip-Sync Song: "Firework" by Katy Perry
Eliminated: Widow Von'Du
Farewell Message: "I hope I made you proud Kansas City! Remember, yes Bitch You Might Be! P.S. Heidi unlike those other girls I'm Not Leaving you A Damn thing ♡W"
155	10	"Superfan Makeover"	May 1, 2020
For this week's main challenge, the queens will makeover Drag Race superfans.

On the runway, category is Drag Family Resemblance. Crystal Methyd, Jaida Essence Hall and Sherry Pie receive positive critiques, with Jaida Essence Hall winning the challenge. Heidi N Closet and Jackie Cox receive negative critiques, and are announced as the bottom two. They lip-sync to "Kill the Lights" by Alex Newell and DJ Cassidy ft. Nile Rodgers. They are both declared the winners of the lip-sync and no one goes home.

Guest Judge: Daisy Ridley
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Main Challenge: Makeover Drag Race superfans
Runway Theme: Drag Family Resemblance
Challenge Winner: Jaida Essence Hall
Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip for Jaida Essence Hall, and a $5,000 gift card to Shop Betsey Johnson for Jazz Essence Hall
Bottom Two: Heidi N Closet and Jackie Cox
Lip-Sync Song: "Kill the Lights" by Alex Newell and DJ Cassidy ft. Nile Rodgers
Eliminated: None
156	11	"One-Queen Show"	May 8, 2020
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will have a bitchfest with puppets. Jackie Cox wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will create and perform in your own one woman show.

Crystal Methyd - Phenomenal Phil: Exotic Dance Instructor
Gigi Goode - Welcome Aboard Brimstone Airways
Heidi N Closet - Cookout with your Cheeks Out
Jacke Cox - Between Two Parents
Jaida Essence Hall - Putting the "P" in Pageant
Sherry Pie - Bubbles and Sherry
On the runway, category is The Color Purple. Crystal Methyd and Jackie Cox receive positive critiques, with Crystal Methyd winning the challenge. Heidi N Closet, Jaida Essence Hall and Sherry Pie receive negative critiques, with Sherry Pie being safe. Heidi N Closet and Jaida Essence Hall lip-sync to "1999" by Prince. Jaida Essence Hall wins the lip-sync and Heidi N Closet sashays away.

Guest Judge: Whoopi Goldberg
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Mini–Challenge: Everybody Loves Puppets
Mini-Challenge Winner: Jackie Cox
Main Challenge: Create and perform in your own one woman show
Runway Theme: The Color Purple
Challenge Winner: Crystal Methyd
Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip
Bottom Two: Heidi N Closet and Jaida Essence Hall
Lip-Sync Song: "1999" by Prince
Eliminated: Heidi N Closet
Farewell Message: "Remember to stay Soft & Supple and always (Insert stolen catchphrase here). Love. Heidi... Something 💋"
157	12	"Viva Drag Vegas"	May 15, 2020
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will create an over-the-top, one-of-a-kind showgirl headdress. Gigi Goode wins the mini-challenge. For the final challenge of the season, the queens will perform a medley of songs from RuPaul's Drag Race Live!

On the runway, category is Eleganza Extravaganza. Gigi Goode and Jaida Essence Hall receive positive critiques, with Gigi Goode winning the challenge. Crystal Methyd and Jackie Cox receive negative critiques, and are announced as the bottom two. They lip-sync to "On the Floor" by Jennifer Lopez ft. Pitbull. Crystal Methyd wins the lip-sync and Jackie Cox sashays away.

Guest Judge: Jamal Sims
Alternating Judge: Carson Kressley and Ross Mathews
Mini–Challenge: Create an over-the-top, one-of-a-kind showgirl headdress
Mini-Challenge Winner: Gigi Goode
Mini-Challenge Prize: A trip for two to Las Vegas, including airfare, accommodation, and tickets to see RuPaul's Drag Race Live
Main Challenge: Perform a medley of songs from RuPaul's Drag Race Live!
Runway Theme: Eleganza Extravaganza
Challenge Winner: Gigi Goode
Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip
Bottom Two: Crystal Methyd and Jackie Cox
Lip-Sync Song: "On the Floor" by Jennifer Lopez ft. Pitbull
Eliminated: Jackie Cox
Disqualified: Sherry Pie
Note: This is the last episode of the season to include Sherry Pie, as she was disqualified from the competition prior to the filming of the reunion and finale episodes.
158	13	"Reunited: Alone Together"	May 22, 2020
RuPaul and the queens reunite to discuss the season's highlights and drama during a "virtual slumber party" while in quarantine due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Discussions include: Aiden Zhane and Brita's beef, Rock M Sakura's heartbreaking elimination, Nicky Doll being a fan favorite, Dahlia Sin storming off set after her elimination and Jan crying when Brita was sent home and being upset after not winning the Rusical episode.
159	14	"Grand Finale"	May 29, 2020
For the first time a virtual finale is held from remote locations across the country due to the effects of COVID-19. For the first lip-sync, the queens will all lip-sync to "Bring Back My Girls" by RuPaul, with only their faces showing. The final three queens will then all lip-sync alone to a song of their choice. Crystal Methyd lip-syncs to "I'm Like a Bird" by Nelly Furtado, Gigi Goode lip-syncs to "Take On Me" by A-ha and Jaida Essence Hall lip-syncs to "Get Up" by Ciara ft. Chamillionaire. It is then announced that Heidi N Closet is this season's Miss Congeniality. For the final lip-sync, Crystal Methyd, Gigi Goode and Jaida Essence Hall lip-sync to "Survivor" by Destiny's Child. It is announced that Jaida Essence Hall is the winner, leaving Crystal Methyd and Gigi Goode as the runners-up.

Miss Congeniality: Heidi N Closet
Final Three: Crystal Methyd, Gigi Goode and Jaida Essence Hall
Lip-Sync Song: "Survivor" by Destiny's Child
Runners-up: Crystal Methyd & Gigi Goode
Winner of RuPaul's Drag Race Season Twelve: Jaida Essence Hall


160	1	"The Pork Chop"	January 1, 2021
Thirteen new queens enter the workroom. For the first main challenge, the queens will face-off in Lip-Sync for Your Life battles. The first two queens, Joey Jay and Kandy Muse lip-sync to "Call Me Maybe" by Carly Rae Jepsen. Kandy Muse wins the lip-sync and Joey Jay loses. The next two queens, Denali and LaLa Ri, lip-sync to "When I Grow Up" by The Pussycat Dolls. LaLa Ri wins the lip-sync and Denali loses. The next two queens, Symone and Tamisha Iman, lip-sync to "The Pleasure Principle" by Janet Jackson. Symone wins the lip-sync and Tamisha Iman loses. The next two queens, Gottmik and Utica Queen, lip-sync to "Rumors" by Lindsay Lohan. Gottmik wins the lip-sync and Utica Queen loses. The next two queens, Olivia Lux and Rosé lip-sync to "Ex's & Oh's". Olivia Lux wins the lip-sync and Rosé loses. The final three queens, Elliott with 2 Ts, Kahmora Hall and Tina Burner lip-sync to "Lady Marmalade" by Christina Aguilera, Lil' Kim, Mýa, Pink. Tina Burner wins the lip-sync and Elliott with 2 Ts and Kahmora Hall lose. It is then revealed that the seven losing queens, will have to vote someone out of the competition.

Alternating Judges: Carson Kressley and Ross Mathews
Main Challenge: Face-off in Lip-Sync for Your Life battles
Lip-Sync Songs: "Call Me Maybe" by Carly Rae Jepsen, "When I Grow Up" by The Pussycat Dolls, "The Pleasure Principle" by Janet Jackson, "Rumors" by Lindsay Lohan, "Ex's & Oh's" by Elle King and "Lady Marmalade" by Christina Aguilera, Lil' Kim, Mýa, Pink
Lip-Sync Winners: Kandy Muse, LaLa Ri, Symone, Gottmik, Olivia Lux and Tina Burner
Lip-Sync Losers: Joey Jay, Denali, Tamisha Iman, Utica Queen, Rosé, Elliott with 2 Ts and Kahmora Hall
161	2	"Condragulations"	January 8, 2021
At the beginning of the episode, it is revealed that Elliott with 2 Ts has been voted out. The winning queens from last episode enter the workroom and are joined by Elliott with 2 Ts. For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will walk the runway showing off two looks: Day Time Drama Mama and Night Time is the Right Time. For the main challenge, the queens will write, record, and perform verses to "Condragulations".

On the runway, category is Lamé You Stay. Elliott with 2 Ts, LaLa Ri, Olivia Lux, Symone and Tina Burner receive positive critiques. Gottmik and Kandy Muse receive negative critiques. It is announced that Olivia Lux and Symone are the top two queens of the week and will lip-sync for the win. They lip-sync to "Break My Heart" by Dua Lipa. After the lip-sync, it is announced that Symone is the winner.

Guest Judge: Jamal Sims
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Mini-Challenge: Walk the runway showing off two looks: Day Time Drama Mama and Night Time is the Right Time
Main Challenge: Write, record, and perform verses to "Condragulations"
Runway Theme: Lamé You Stay
Top Two: Olivia Lux and Symone
Lip-Sync Song: "Break My Heart" by Dua Lipa
Challenge Winner: Symone
Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip
162	3	"Phenomenon"	January 15, 2021
The queens who lost their lip-sync in episode one enter the workroom. For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will walk the runway showing off two looks: Lady and Vamp. For this week's main challenge, the queens will write, record, and perform verses to "Phenomenon".

On the runway, category is We're Here, We're Sheer, Get Used to It. Denali, Rosé, Tamisha Iman and Utica Queen receive positive critiques. Joey Jay and Kahmora Hall receive negative critiques. It is announced that Denali and Rosé are the top two queens of the week and will lip-sync for the win. They lip-sync to "If U Seek Amy" by Britney Spears. After the lip-sync, it is announced that Denali is the winner.

Guest Judge: Nicole Byer
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Mini-Challenge: Walk the runway showing off two looks: Lady and Vamp
Main Challenge: Write, record, and perform verses to "Phenomenon"
Runway Theme: We're Here, We're Sheer, Get Used to It
Top Two: Denali and Rosé
Lip-Sync Song: "If U Seek Amy" by Britney Spears
Challenge Winner: Denali
Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip
163	4	"RuPaulmark Channel"	January 22, 2021
For this week's main challenge, the queens will overact in cheesy RuPaulmark holiday movies.

April Fool's Rush In - Gottmik, Joey Jay, Kandy Muse, Tamisha Iman and Tina Burner
God Loves Flags - LaLa Ri, Rosé, Symone and Utica Queen
Misery Love's Company - Denali, Elliott with 2 Ts, Kahmora Hall and Olivia Lux
On the runway, category is Trains for Days. Kandy Muse, Rosé and Symone receive positive critiques, with Symone winning the challenge. Denali, Kahmora Hall and LaLa Ri receive negative critiques, with LaLa Ri being safe. Denali and Kahmora Hall lip-sync to "100% Pure Love by Crystal Waters. Denali wins the lip-sync and Kahmora Hall is the first queen to sashay away.

Guest Judge: Loni Love
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Main Challenge: Overact in cheesy RuPaulmark holiday movies
Runway Theme: Trains For Days
Challenge Winner: Symone
Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip
Bottom Two: Denali and Kahmora Hall
Lip-Sync Song: "100% Pure Love" by Crystal Waters
Eliminated: Kahmora Hall
Farewell Message: "Keep chasing the sparkle. I love you ladies. - Kahmora Hall"
164	5	"The Bag Ball"	January 29, 2021
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will get into baby quick drag and see who is the most misbehaved baby. LaLa Ri wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will create three looks for The Bag Ball: Mixed Bag, Money Bags and Bag Ball Eleganza.

On the runway, Gottmik, Rosé and Utica Queen receive positive critiques, with Gottmik winning the challenge. Joey Jay, LaLa Ri and Tamisha Iman receive negative critiques, with Tamisha Iman being safe. Joey Jay and LaLa Ri lip-sync to "Fancy" by Iggy Azalea ft. Charli XCX. LaLa Ri wins the lip-sync and Joey Jay sashays away.

Guest Judge: Nicole Byer
Alternating Judge: Carson Kressley
Mini-Challenge: Get into baby quick drag and see who is the most misbehaved baby
Mini-Challenge Winner: LaLa Ri
Mini-Challenge Prize: A $2,500 gift card from FierceQueen.com
Main Challenge: The Bag Ball
Runway Themes: Mixed Bag, Money Bags and Bag Ball Eleganza
Challenge Winner: Gottmik
Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip
Bottom Two: Joey Jay and LaLa Ri
Lip Sync Song: "Fancy" by Iggy Azalea ft. Charli XCX
Eliminated: Joey Jay
Farewell Message: "I'm a gay ass bitch... I'm WHO? xoxo ♥ Joey Jay! ♥"
165	6	"Disco-mentary"	February 5, 2021
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will create a dress made from wallpaper. Elliott with 2 Ts and Tamisha Iman wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will perform in a disco-themed dance documentary.

The Birth of Disco - Gottmik, Kandy Muse and Tina Burner
Disco & Sex - Elliott with 2 Ts and Tamisha Iman
Studio 54 - Olivia Lux and Utica Queen
Disco Fashion - Denali and Rosé
Disco Sucks - LaLa Ri and Symone
On the runway, category is Little Black Dress. Elliott with 2 Ts, Olivia Lux and Tina Burner receive positive critiques, with Olivia Lux winning the challenge. Kandy Muse, Tamisha Iman and Utica Queen receive negative critiques, with Utica Queen being safe. Kandy Muse and Tamisha Iman lip-sync to "Hit 'Em Up Style (Oops!)" by Blu Cantrell. Kandy Muse wins the lip-sync and Tamisha Iman sashays away.

Guest Judge: Loni Love
Alternating Judge: Carson Kressley
Mini-Challenge: Create a dress made from wallpaper
Mini-Challenge Winners: Elliott with 2 Ts and Tamisha Iman
Mini-Challenge Prize: A $2,500 gift card from Spoonflower
Main Challenge: Perform in a disco-themed dance documentary
Runway Theme: Little Black Dress
Challenge Winner: Olivia Lux
Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip
Bottom Two: Kandy Muse and Tamisha Iman
Lip-Sync Song: "Hit 'Em Up Style (Oops!)" by Blu Cantrell
Eliminated: Tamisha Iman
Farewell Message: "Till we meet again. Love Misha ♥"
166	7	"Bossy Rossy: The RuBoot"	February 12, 2021
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will read each other to filth. Gottmik wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will team up and improvise in the new night-time talk show "Bossy Rossy After Dark".

I'm Pregnant with My Imaginary Boyfriend's Baby! - Denali, LaLa Ri and Rosé
Breaking My Silence: Escape from the Cult of Mime-ology! - Gottmik, Olivia Lux and Utica Queen
Former Teen Queens: Where Are They Now? - Kandy Muse and Symone
My Best Friend's 600 Pound Ass is Killing our Friendship! - Elliott with 2 Ts and Tina Burner
On the runway, category is Bead It. Kandy Muse, Olivia Lux and Symone receive positive critiques, with Olivia Lux winning the challenge. Elliott with 2 Ts, LaLa Ri and Utica Queen receive negative critiques, with Utica Queen being safe. Elliott with 2 Ts and LaLa Ri lip-sync to "Whole Lotta Woman" by Kelly Clarkson. Elliott with 2 Ts wins the lip-sync and LaLa Ri sashays away.

Guest Judge: Ts Madison
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Mini-Challenge: Reading is Fundamental
Mini-Challenge Winner: Gottmik
Mini-Challenge Prize: A $2,500 giftcard from ISLYNYC
Main Challenge: In teams, improvise in the new night-time talk show "Bossy Rossy After Dark"
Runway Theme: Bead It
Challenge Winner: Olivia Lux
Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip
Bottom Two: Elliott with 2 Ts and LaLa Ri
Lip-Sync Song: "Whole Lotta Woman" by Kelly Clarkson
Eliminated: LaLa Ri
Farewell Message: "Slay! Then save me a plate! Love yall! LaLa Ri!"
167	8	"Social Media: The Unverified Rusical"	February 19, 2021
For this week's main challenge, the queens will perform in Social Media: The Unverified Rusical.

Denali plays Russian Bot, Nikita
Elliott with 2 Ts plays Miss TokTik
Gottmik plays Russian Bot, Natasha
Kandy Muse plays Reverend Dr. Lady Linked In
Olivia Lux plays Markie Tuckenberg
Rosé plays Foxy
Symone plays Miss InstaGlam
Tina Burner plays EmShee
Utica Queen plays Lady Tweets
On the runway, category is Yellow, Gorgeous. Denali, Gottmik and Rosé receive positive critiques, with Rosé winning the challenge. Kandy Muse, Symone and Tina Burner receive negative critiques, with Tina Burner being safe. Kandy Muse and Symone lip-sync to "Boss" by Fifth Harmony. They are both declared the winners of the lip-sync and no one goes home.

Guest Judge: Jamal Sims
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Main Challenge: Social Media: The Unverified Rusical
Runway Theme: Yellow, Gorgeous
Challenge Winner: Rosé
Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip
Bottom Two: Kandy Muse and Symone
Lip-Sync Song: "Boss" by Fifth Harmony
Eliminated: None
168	9	"The Snatch Game"	March 5, 2021
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will audition for the Pantyhoes band. Tina Burner wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will play the Snatch Game. Raven and Victoria "Porkchop" Parker star as the celebrity contestants. The cast consisted of:

Denali as Jonathan Van Ness
Elliott with 2 Ts as Rue McClanahan
Gottmik as Paris Hilton
Kandy Muse as Patrick Starrr
Olivia Lux as Tabitha Brown
Rosé as Mary, Queen of Scots
Symone as Harriet Tubman
Tina Burner as Richard Simmons
Utica Queen as Bob Ross
On the runway, category is Fascinating Fascinators. Denali, Gottmik and Rosé receive positive critiques, with Gottmik winning the challenge. Elliott with 2 Ts, Olivia Lux and Utica Queen receive negative critiques, with Olivia Lux being safe. Elliott with 2 Ts and Utica Queen lip-sync to "Fascinated" by Company B. Utica Queen wins the lip-sync and Elliott with 2 Ts sashays away.

Guest Judge: Ts Madison
Alternating Judge: Carson Kressley
Mini-Challenge: Audition for the Pantyhoes band
Mini-Challnge Winner: Tina Burner
Mini-Challenge Prize: A $2,500 tip, courtesy of Snag Tights
Main Challenge: Snatch Game
Runway Theme: Fascinating Fascinators
Challenge Winner: Gottmik
Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip
Bottom Two: Elliott with 2 Ts and Utica Queen
Lip-Sync Song: "Fascinated" by Company B
Eliminated: Elliott with 2 Ts
Farewell Message: "It took y'all hoes 4 times to get rid of me!!! Be kind and make it HOE! xoxo Elliott with 2 Ts"
169	10	"Freaky Friday Queens"	March 12, 2021
For this week's main challenge, the queens will makeover another queen into your own drag doppelganger.

Denali and Olivia Lux
Gottmik and Kandy Muse
Rosé and Tina Burner
Symone and Utica Queen
On the runway, category is Drag Doppelgangers. Gottmik, Kandy Muse, Symone and Utica Queen receive positive critiques, with Symone and Utica both winning the challenge. Denali, Olivia Lux, Rosé and Tina Burner receive negative critiques, with Rosé and Tina Burner being safe. Denali and Olivia Lux lip-sync to "Shackles (Praise You)" by Mary Mary. Olivia Lux wins the lip-sync and Denali sashays away.

Guest Judge: Loni Love
Alternating Judge: Carson Kressley
Main Challenge: Makeover another queen into your own drag doppelganger
Runway Theme: Drag Doppelgangers
Challenge Winners: Symone and Utica Queen
Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip
Bottom Two: Denali and Olivia Lux
Lip-Sync Song: "Shackles (Praise You)" by Mary Mary
Eliminated: Denali
Farewell Message: "Clara Clara, over any gold medal, crown or cash prize, my sisters were the greatest reward. Ass of '13 off to get some D! L8r sk8ers! ♥ Denali"
170	11	"Pop! Goes the Queens"	March 19, 2021
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will play a trivia game with the pit crew called, "Are You Smarter Than the Pit Crew". Kandy Muse wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will create, market, and film a commercial for your own soft drink.

Gottmik - Gottmik's GotSexxx Sex Juice
Kandy Muse - The K Special
Olivia Lux - Liv(e)
Rosé - RoseAid
Symone - Sweet Toof
Tina Burner - Burnin' Up
Utica Queen - Utican
On the runway, category is Beast Couture. Kandy Muse, Rosé and Symone receive positive critiques, with Rosé and Symone both winning the challenge. Gottmik, Olivia Lux, Tina Burner and Utica Queen receive negative critiques, with Gottmik and Olivia Lux being safe. Tina Burner and Utica Queen lip-sync to "My Humps" by Black Eyed Peas. Utica Queen wins the lip-sync and Tina Burner sashays away.

Alternating Judges: Carson Kressley and Ross Mathews
Mini-Challenge: "Are You Smarter Than the Pit Crew" trivia game
Mini-Challenge Winner: Kandy Muse
Mini-Challenge Prize: A $2,500 gift card from JJ Malibu
Main Challenge: Create, market, and film a commercial for your own soft drink
Runway Theme: Beast Couture
Challenge Winners: Rosé and Symone
Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip
Bottom Two: Tina Burner and Utica Queen
Lip-Sync Song: "My Humps" by Black Eyed Peas
Eliminated: Tina Burner
Farewell Message: "Live life with no apologies. Be your true authentic self. Let your light shine. Turn it and burn it. xx the Manhattan monster Tina B."
171	12	"The Nice Queens Roast"	March 26, 2021
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will pair up and star in a live makeup tutorial on how to take a glamorous selfie. Kandy Muse and Rosé win the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will perform a roast of previous Miss Congenialities Heidi N Closet, Nina West and Valentina.

On the runway, Gottmik, Kandy Muse and Rosé receive positive critiques, with Kandy Muse winning the challenge. Olivia Lux, Symone and Utica Queen receive negative critiques, with Olivia Lux being safe. Symone and Utica Queen lip-sync to "No Tears Left To Cry" by Ariana Grande. Symone wins the lip-sync and Utica Queen sashays away.

Guest Judge: Loni Love
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Mini-Challenge: In pairs, star in a live makeup tutorial on how to take a glamorous selfie
Mini-Challenge Winner: Kandy Muse and Rosé
Mini-Challenge Prize: $2,500 worth of Anastasia Beverly Hills cosmetics
Main Challenge: Perform a roast of previous Miss Congenialities Heidi N Closet, Nina West and Valentina
Challenge Winner: Kandy Muse
Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip
Bottom Two: Symone and Utica Queen
Lip-Sync Song: "No Tears Left To Cry" by Ariana Grande
Eliminated: Utica Queen
Farewell Message: "Hay Goobers ♥ I'm so happy to have you all in my life now! To my new sisters, I love you so much and love yourself inside & out ♥ Wiggle to the Top! Utica"
172	13	"Henny, I Shrunk the Drag Queens!"	April 2, 2021
For this week's main challenge, the queens will star in the new sci-fi adventure "Henny, I Shrunk the Drag Queens!"

Gottmik plays Chardonnay
Kandy Muse plays Dominique Perignon
Olivia Lux plays Ginger Ale
Rosé plays Brandy
Symone plays Margarita
On the runway, category is Haute Pockets. Gottmik, Rosé and Symone receive positive critiques, with Rosé winning the challenge. Kandy Muse and Olivia Lux receive negative critiques, and are announced as the bottom two. They lip-sync to "Strong Enough" by Cher. Kandy Muse wins the lip-sync and Olivia Lux sashays away.

Guest Judge: Cynthia Erivo
Alternating Judge: Carson Kressley
Main Challenge: Star in the new sci-fi adventure "Henny, I Shrunk the Drag Queens!"
Runway Theme: Haute Pockets
Challenge Winner: Rosé
Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip
Bottom Two: Kandy Muse and Olivia Lux
Lip-Sync Song: "Strong Enough" by Cher
Eliminated: Olivia Lux
Farewell Message: ""Believe in yourself, I believe in you! ♥" xoxo your polite diva, Liv"
173	14	"Gettin' Lucky!"	April 9, 2021
For the final challenge of the season, the queens will write, record and perform their own verses to RuPaul's song "Lucky".

On the runway, category is Drag Excellence. The remaining queens then lip-sync to " I Learned from the Best (HQ2 Radio Mix)" by Whitney Houston. After the lip-sync, Gottmik, Kandy Muse, Rosé and Symone are announced as the finalists.

Alternating Judges: Carson Kressley and Ross Mathews
Main Challenge: Write, record, and perform their own verses to RuPaul's song "Lucky"
Runway Theme: Drag Excellence
Lip-Sync Song: " I Learned from the Best (HQ2 Radio Mix)" by Whitney Houston
Eliminated: None
174	15	"Reunited"	April 16, 2021
The queens all return virtually for the reunion. The eliminated queens all lip-sync in a self-directed music video. LaLa Ri receives the new Golden Boot Award for her episode five Bag Ball Eleganza Look. Denali and LaLa Ri are both awarded this season's "Lip-Sync Assassins" and will battle in a lip-sync for a charity of their own choosing. They lip-sync to "Be My Lover" by La Bouche. Denali wins the lip-sync and wins $10,000 for her charity National Center for Transgender Equality. LaLa Ri also wins $5,000 for her charity National Black Justice Coalition.
175	16	"Grand Finale"	April 23, 2021
All the queens return for the grand finale. LaLa Ri is announced as this season's Miss Congeniality. RuPaul then announces that the queens will take part in the lip-sync smackdown for the crown. The first lip-sync is between Kandy Muse and Rosé. They lip-sync to "Work Bitch" by Britney Spears. Kandy Muse wins the lip-sync and Rosé is eliminated. The second lip-sync is between Gottmik and Symone. They lip-sync to "Gimme More" by Britney Spears. Symone wins the lip-sync and Gottmik is eliminated. The final lip-sync is between Kandy Muse and Symone. They lip-sync to "Till the World Ends" by Britney Spears. It is announced that Symone is the winner, leaving Kandy Muse as the runner-up.

Finals venue: Ace Theater, Los Angeles, California
Final Four: Gottmik, Kandy Muse, Rosé and Symone
Miss Congeniality: LaLa Ri
Lip-Sync Smackdown #1: Kandy Muse vs. Rosé
Lip-Sync Song: "Work Bitch" by Britney Spears
Eliminated: Rosé
Lip-Sync Smackdown #2: Gottmik vs. Symone
Lip-Sync Song: "Gimme More" by Britney Spears
Eliminated: Gottmik
Lip-Sync Smackdown #3: Kandy Muse vs. Symone
Lip-Sync Song: "Till the World Ends" by Britney Spears
Runner-up: Kandy Muse
Winner of RuPaul's Drag Race Season Thirteen: Symone


176	1	"Big Opening #1"	January 7, 2022
Seven new queens enter the workroom. They find out that this season will have a split premiere. For the first mini-challenge, the queens will do a photoshoot while strapped to a spinning wheel. Kerri Colby wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens must perform a talent show in front of the judges.

Alyssa Hunter - Lip-syncing
Bosco - Burlesque
June Jambalaya - African dance
Kerri Colby - Jump rope/lip-syncing
Kornbread "The Snack" Jeté - Original song
Orion Story - Comedy skit
Willow Pill - Self-care in quarantine
On the runway, category is Signature Show-Stopping Drag. Bosco, Kornbread "The Snack" Jeté and Willow Pill receive positive critiques, with Kornbread "The Snack" Jeté winning the challenge. Alyssa Hunter, June Jambalaya and Orion Story receive negative critiques, with Alyssa Hunter being safe. June Jambalaya and Orion Story lip-sync to "Water Me" by Lizzo. June Jambalaya wins the lip-sync and Orion Story sashays away.

Guest Judge: Lizzo
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Mini-Challenge: Photoshoot on a spinning wheel
Mini-Challenge Winner: Kerri Colby
Mini-Challenge Prize: $2,500 courtesy of J.J. Malibu
Main Challenge: Perform a talent show in front of the judges
Runway Theme: Signature Show-Stopping Drag
Challenge Winner: Kornbread “The Snack” Jeté
Main Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip
Bottom Two: June Jambalaya and Orion Story
Lip-Sync Song: "Water Me" by Lizzo
Eliminated: Orion Story
Farewell Message: "Cross your fingers + toes b/c the whole world is about to know, we did THAT 💋 i ♡ you all :)"
177	2	"Big Opening #2"	January 14, 2022
The remaining seven queens enter the workroom. For the mini-challenge, the queens will do a photoshoot in a big bowl filled with tic-tacs. Angeria Paris VanMicheals wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens must perform a talent show in front of the judges.

Angeria Paris VanMicheals - Original song
Daya Betty - Lip-syncing
DeJa Skye - Cheerleading comedy routine
Jasmine Kennedie - Lip-syncing/dancing
Jorgeous - Lip-syncing
Lady Camden - Ballet routine
Maddy Morphosis - Electric guitar
On the runway, category is Sickening Signature Drag. Angeria Paris VanMicheals, Jorgeous and Lady Camden receive positive critiques, with Angeria Paris VanMicheals winning the challenge. Daya Betty, DeJa Skye and Maddy Morphosis receive negative critiques, with Maddy Morphosis being safe. Daya Betty and DeJa Skye lip-sync to "Fallin’" by Alicia Keys. DeJa Skye wins the lip-sync and Daya Betty sashays away.

Guest Judge: Alicia Keys
Alternating Judge: Carson Kressley
Mini-Challenge: Photoshoot in a bowl of tic-tacs
Mini-Challenge Winner: Angeria Paris VanMicheals
Mini-Challenge Prize: $2,500 courtesy of J.J. Malibu
Main Challenge: Perform a talent show in front of the judges
Runway Theme: Sickening Signature Drag
Challenge Winner: Angeria Paris VanMicheals
Main Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip
Bottom Two: Daya Betty and DeJa Skye
Lip-Sync Song: "Fallin'" by Alicia Keys
Eliminated: Daya Betty
Farewell Message: "Stay Positive. Be Kind. Stay You! - Love Daya"
178	3	"A Pair of Balls"	January 21, 2022
After both groups of queens meet each other, RuPaul announces that previously-eliminated queens Orion Story and Daya Betty will be returning to the competition. RuPaul then reveals the twist of the season: each queen will choose a RuPaul chocolate bar. When a queen loses a Lip Sync for Your Life, they will open their chocolate bar. If it contains a gold bar, they will be spared from elimination; otherwise, they will be asked to sashay away. RuPaul announces that the main challenge is 2 balls - the Episode 1 queens will present looks for the Hide and Chic Ball (Zebra Print Resort, Leopard Evening Wear and Animal Print Bridal Couture), and the Episode 2 queens will present looks for the Red, White and Blue Ball (Red Hot Resort; Evening Wear: Why It Got Be White?; Red, White & Blue Bridal Couture Runway).

On the runway, Angeria Paris VanMicheals, Jorgeous and Willow Pill receive positive critiques, with Willow Pill winning the challenge. June Jambalaya, Maddy Morphosis and Orion Story receive negative critiques, with Orion Story being safe. June Jambalaya and Maddy Morphosis lip-sync to "I Love It" by Kylie Minogue. Maddy Morphosis wins the lip-sync. June Jambalaya then opens her chocolate bar to reveal a plain chocolate bar and sashays away.

Guest Judge: Christine Chiu
Alternating Judge: Carson Kressley
Returned: Daya Betty and Orion Story
Main Challenge:
Group 1: The Hide and Chic Ball
Group 2: The Red, White and Blue Ball
Runway Themes:
Group 1: Zebra Print Resort, Leopard Evening Wear and Animal Print Bridal Couture
Group 2: Red Hot Resort, Evening Wear: All In White and Red, White and Blue Bridal Couture
Challenge Winner: Willow Pill
Main Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip
Bottom Two: June Jambalaya and Maddy Morphosis
Lip-Sync Song: "I Love It" by Kylie Minogue
Eliminated: June Jambalaya
Farewell Message: "Thank you For Finally giving me my Drag Family - June"
179	4	"She's a Super Tease"	January 28, 2022
For this week's main challenge, the queens will team up and produce attention grabbing superteases for Season 14. Willow Pill, for winning last week's challenge, and Maddy Morphosis, who won last week's lip-sync, are assigned team captains. Willow Pill chooses Bosco, Jasmine Kennedie, Jorgeous, Kerri Colby, Kornbread "The Snack" Jeté and Lady Camden for her team. Maddy Morphosis chooses Alyssa Hunter, Angeria Paris VanMicheals, Daya Betty, DeJa Skye and Orion Story for her team.

On the runway, category is Night of a Thousand Jennifer Lopez's. Angeria Paris VanMicheals, DeJa Skye and Willow Pill receive positive critiques, with Angeria Paris VanMicheals winning the challenge. Alyssa Hunter, Kerri Colby and Kornbread "The Snack" Jeté receive negative critiques, with Kornbread "The Snack" Jeté being safe. Alyssa Hunter and Kerri Colby lip-sync to "Play" by Jennifer Lopez. Kerri Colby wins the lip-sync. Alyssa Hunter then opens her chocolate bar to reveal a plain chocolate bar and sashays away.

Guest Judge: Loni Love
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Main Challenge: In teams, produce attention grabbing superteases for Season 14
Runway Theme: Night of a Thousand Jennifer Lopez's
Challenge Winner: Angeria Paris VanMicheals
Main Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip
Bottom Two: Alyssa Hunter and Kerri Colby
Lip-Sync Song: "Play" by Jennifer Lopez
Eliminated: Alyssa Hunter
Farewell Message: "Believe In Your Self "Perrasss" ♡ Your Latina Queen"
180	5	"Save a Queen"	February 4, 2022
At the beginning of the episode, Kornbread "The Snack" Jeté announces that she will no longer be in the competition due to an ankle injury. It is revealed that she did not have the golden chocolate bar, meaning the golden chocolate bar is still in play for the remaining queens. For the main challenge, the queens will team up and write a commercial to get donations for "Save A Queen", a charity that raises awareness for first-eliminated queens. Season 7's first eliminated Tempest DuJour, Season 9's first eliminated Jaymes Mansfield and Season 13's first eliminated Kahmora Hall star as special guests for the commercials. To randomly assign teams, the queens must all pop balloons, with the confetti color inside assigning the teams. Team Tempest DuJour consists of Angeria Paris VanMicheals, DeJa Skye, Jorgeous and Kerry Colby. Team Jaymes Mansfield consists of Jasmine Kennedie, Maddy Morphosis, Orion Story and Willow Pill. Team Kahmora Hall consists of Bosco, Daya Betty and Lady Camden.

On the runway, category is Spring Has Sprung. Angeria Paris VanMicheals, Bosco and Lady Camden receive positive critiques, with Bosco winning the challenge. Jasmine Kennedie, Jorgeous and Orion Story receive negative critiques, with Jasmine Kennedie being safe. Jorgeous and Orion Story lip-sync to "My Head & My Heart" by Ava Max. Jorgeous wins the lip-sync. Orion Story then opens her chocolate bar to reveal a plain chocolate bar and sashays away.

Guest Judge: Ava Max
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Removed: Kornbread "The Snack" Jeté
Main Challenge: In teams, write a commercial to get donations for "Save A Queen", a charity that raises awareness for first-eliminated queens
Runway Theme: Spring Has Sprung
Challenge Winner: Bosco
Main Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip
Bottom Two: Jorgeous and Orion Story
Lip-Sync Song: "My Head & My Heart" by Ava Max
Eliminated: Orion Story
Farewell Message: "Biiiitchhh ya'll put up a damn good fight I love you all so so so much! Keep being your absolutely beautiful selves ♡♡♡ Peace, love, and meatballs :)"
181	6	"Glamazon Prime"	February 11, 2022
For this week's main challenge, the queens must design an outfit made from junk that Michelle Visage has bought online.

On the runway, category is Glamazon Primetime. Angeria Paris VanMicheals, Jorgeous and Lady Camden receive positive critiques, with Jorgeous winning the challenge. DeJa Skye, Jasmine Kennedie and Maddy Morphosis receive negative critiques, with DeJa Skye being safe. Jasmine Kennedie and Maddy Morphosis lip-sync to "Suga Mama" by Beyoncé. Jasmine Kennedie wins the lip-sync. Maddy Morphosis then opens her chocolate bar to reveal a plain chocolate bar and sashays away.

Guest Judge: Taraji P. Henson
Alternating Judge: Carson Kressley
Main Challenge: Design an outfit made from junk that Michelle Visage has bought online
Runway Theme: Glamazon Primetime
Challenge Winner: Jorgeous
Main Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip
Bottom Two: Jasmine Kennedie and Maddy Morphosis
Lip-Sync Song: "Suga Mama" by Beyoncé
Eliminated: Maddy Morphosis
Farewell Message: "Don't be afraid to be yourself ♡, be kind, and be STUPID. - Maddy"
182	7	"The Daytona Wind"	February 18, 2022
For this week's main challenge, the queens will act in an 80's soap opera parody called "The Daytona Wind". Jorgeous, for winning last week's challenge, gets to assign the roles. The roles are as follows:

Angeria Paris VanMicheals plays Maxine O'Hara
Bosco plays Fancy Micheals
Daya Betty plays Micheals Sister #1
DeJa Skye plays Maggie O'Hara
Jasmine Kennedie plays Hattie Ruth
Jorgeous plays Sierra Micheals
Kerri Colby plays Deandra Davenport
Lady Camden plays Leona Micheals
Willow Pill plays Micheals Sister #2
On the runway, category is Chaps on the Runway. Angeria Paris VanMicheals, DeJa Skye and Kerri Colby are revealed to be safe. RuPaul then tells the other queens that they are all in the top, and there are no bottoms this week. She then tells the queens that the top 2 queens will lip-sync for the win. Bosco, Daya Betty, Jasmine Kennedie, Jorgeous, Lady Camden, and Willow Pill all receive positive critiques, with Daya Betty and Lady Camden being the top two queens of the week. Daya Betty and Lady Camden lip-sync to "One Way or Another" by Blondie. Lady Camden is revealed to be the winner.

Guest Judge: Ts Madison
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Main Challenge: Act in an 80's soap opera called "The Daytona Wind"
Runway Theme: Chaps on the Runway
Top Two: Daya Betty and Lady Camden
Lip-Sync Song: "One Way or Another" by Blondie
Challenge Winner: Lady Camden
Main Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip
Note: Ts Madison appeared in the soap opera as the priest alongside Pit Crew member Calixto Quan as Diesel O'Hara.
183	8	"60s Girl Groups"	February 25, 2022
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens read each other to filth. Bosco wins the mini-challenge. For this week's main challenge, the queens will split into 3 teams and perform 60s inspired girl groups. Team "The Ru-Nettes" (named after The Ronettes) consists of DeJa Skye, Jasmine Kennedie and Jorgeous. Team "The Ru-Premes" (named after The Supremes) consists of Angeria Paris VanMicheals, Kerri Colby and Lady Camden. Team "The Shang-Ru-Las" (named after The Shangri-Las) consists of Bosco, Daya Betty and Willow Pill.

On the runway, category is Heart On. Angeria Paris VanMicheals, Daya Betty and DeJa Skye receive positive critiques, with Daya Betty winning the challenge. Jasmine Kennedie, Kerri Colby and Lady Camden receive negative critiques, with Lady Camden being safe. Jasmine Kennedie and Kerri Colby lip-sync to "Un-Break My Heart” (Hex Hector Remix) by Toni Braxton. Jasmine Kennedie wins the lip-sync. Kerri Colby then opens her chocolate bar to reveal a plain chocolate bar and sashays away.

Guest Judge: Alec Mapa
Alternating Judge: Carson Kressley
Mini-Challenge: Reading is Fundamental
Mini-Challenge Winner: Bosco
Mini-Challenge Prize: $2,500 courtesy of Sweet Tarts
Main Challenge: Write and perform lyrics as 60s inspired girl groups
Runway Theme: Heart On
Challenge Winner: Daya Betty
Main Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip
Bottom Two: Jasmine Kennedie and Kerri Colby
Lip-Sync Song: "Un-Break My Heart" (Hex Hector Remix) by Toni Braxton
Eliminated: Kerri Colby
Farewell Message: "You Ladies truly are a blessing to me & to the world you each are ALL STARS ♡ Kerri Colby"
184	9	"Menzeses"	March 4, 2022
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will photobomb pictures of male celebrities. Willow Pill wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, in two teams, the contestants have to create RuPaul's DragCon panel discussion about men. As the mini-challenge winner, Willow Pill gets to choose her team and picks Angeria Paris VanMicheals, DeJa Skye and Lady Camden, which leaves Bosco, Daya Betty, Jasmine Kennedie and Jorgeous on the second team.

On the runway the category is Shoulder Pads. Bosco, DeJa Skye and Willow Pill receive positive critiques, with Bosco winning the challenge. Daya Betty, Jasmine Kennedie and Jorgeous receive negative critiques, with Daya Betty being safe. Jasmine Kennedie and Jorgeous lip-sync to "Something's Got a Hold on Me” by Etta James. They are both declared the winners of the lip-sync and no one goes home.

Guest Judge: Nicole Byer
Alternating Judge: Carson Kressley
Mini-Challenge: Photobomb famous male celebrities
Mini-Challenge Winner: Willow Pill
Mini-Challenge Prize: A $2,500 cash tip
Main Challenge: Create a RuPaul's DragCon panel discussion about men
Runway Theme: Shoulder Pads
Challenge Winner: Bosco
Main Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip
Bottom Two: Jasmine Kennedie and Jorgeous
Lip-Sync Song: "Something's Got a Hold on Me" by Etta James
Eliminated: None
185	10	"Snatch Game"	March 11, 2022
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will create an outfit made from bubble wrap. Bosco won the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens will play the Snatch Game. Dove Cameron and Raven star as the celebrity contestants. The cast consisted of:

Angeria Paris VanMicheals as Tammie Brown
Bosco as Gwyneth Paltrow
Daya Betty as Ozzy Osbourne
DeJa Skye as Lil Jon
Jasmine Kennedie as Betsy DeVos
Jorgeous as Ilana Glazer
Lady Camden as William Shakespeare
Willow Pill as Drew Barrymore
On the runway, category is Holy Couture. DeJa Skye wins the challenge. RuPaul then tells the remaining queens that they are all in the bottom, and next week, a lip-sync LaLaPaRUza smackdown will take place in order to determine who will get eliminated.

Guest Judge: Dove Cameron
Alternating Judge: Carson Kressley
Mini-Challenge: Create an outfit made from bubble wrap
Mini-Challenge Winner: Bosco
Mini-Challenge Prize: A $2,500 cash tip
Main Challenge: Snatch Game
Runway Theme: Holy Couture
Challenge Winner: DeJa Skye
Main Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip
Bottom Seven: Angeria Paris VanMicheals, Bosco, Daya Betty, Jasmine Kennedie, Jorgeous, Lady Camden and Willow Pill
186	11	"An Extra Special Episode"	March 18, 2022
Picking up where the last episode ended, the queens all get ready for the lip-sync LaLaPaRUza smackdown. RuPaul states that the bottom seven queens from last week, will all perform in a lip-sync smackdown to determine who will be eliminated. DeJa Skye, for winning last week's challenge, is immune from this challenge. A pit crew member will spin a cage and pick a ball with the queens initials on it, to determine who will lip-sync first. They will then choose who they want to lip-sync against. The queen who gets chosen, will then choose a lip-sync song. This will continue on until the last two remaining lip-sync one last time, to determine who will be eliminated.

Jasmine Kennedie gets picked first and chooses Daya Betty to lip-sync against. Daya Betty then chooses "Respect" by Aretha Franklin. Daya Betty wins the lip-sync and Jasmine Kennedie loses. Willow Pill is next to be picked, and chooses Bosco to lip-sync against. Bosco chooses "Never Too Much" by Luther Vandross. Willow Pill wins the lip-sync and Bosco loses. The final three queens, Angeria Paris VanMicheals, Jorgeous and Lady Camden, will lip-sync last. The pit crew chooses Jorgeous' name and she picks "Radio" by Beyoncé to lip-sync to. Jorgeous wins the lip-sync and Angeria Paris VanMicheals and Lady Camden lose.

The next round continues with Lady Camden getting picked, and chooses Bosco to lip-sync against. Bosco chooses "Don't Let Go (Love)" by En Vogue. Lady Camden wins the lip-sync and Bosco loses. Angeria Paris VanMicheals and Jasmine Kennedie then lip-sync to "Love Don't Cost a Thing" by Jennifer Lopez. Angeria Paris VanMicheals wins the lip-sync and Jasmine Kennedie loses.

For the final round, Bosco and Jasmine Kennedie will lip-sync to "Swept Away" by Diana Ross. Bosco wins the lip-sync. Jasmine Kennedie then opens her chocolate bar to reveal a plain chocolate bar and sashays away.

Alternating Judges: Carson Kressley and Ross Mathews
Main Challenge: Perform in a lip-sync LaLaPaRUza smackdown
Lip-Sync Songs: "Respect" by Aretha Franklin, "Never Too Much" by Luther Vandross, "Radio" by Beyoncé, "Don't Let Go (Love)" by En Vogue, "Love Don't Cost a Thing" by Jennifer Lopez, and "Swept Away" by Diana Ross
Lip-Sync for Your Life Winners: Angeria Paris VanMicheals, Bosco, Daya Betty, Jorgeous, Lady Camden and Willow Pill
Eliminated: Jasmine Kennedie
Farewell Message: "Dear Ladies I'm so happy to have found a sisters from you all, Hope you all the best P.S. Angie, DeJa, Jorgeous go all the way My forever sisters, Love Jasmine Kennedie <3"
187	12	"Moulin Ru: The Rusical"	March 25, 2022
For this week's main challenge, the queens will participate in Moulin Ru: The Rusical, inspired by Moulin Rouge!.

Angeria Paris VanMicheals plays Charisma
Bosco plays Saltine
Daya Betty plays Uniqueness
DeJa Skye plays Nerve
Jorgeous plays Talent
Lady Camden plays Mama Z
Willow Pill plays Green Fairy
On the runway, category is Mirror, Mirror. Daya Betty, Lady Camden and Willow Pill receive positive critiques. Bosco, DeJa Skye and Jorgeous receive negative critiques. RuPaul then asks the queens who should go home and why. Bosco chooses Jorgeous, while the rest of the queens choose Bosco.

Lady Camden is chosen as the winner of the challenge. Bosco and Jorgeous are declared the bottom two. Bosco and Jorgeous lip-sync to "Heartbreak Hotel" (Hex Hector Remix) by Whitney Houston featuring Faith Evans and Kelly Price. Jorgeous wins the lip-sync. Bosco then opens her chocolate bar to reveal the gold chocolate bar, and is saved from elimination.

Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Guest Judge: Andra Day
Main Challenge: Moulin Ru: The Rusical
Runway Theme: Mirror, Mirror
Challenge Winner: Lady Camden
Main Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip and a trip to New York with tickets to Moulin Rouge
Bottom Two: Bosco and Jorgeous
Lip-Sync Song: "Heartbreak Hotel" (Hex Hector Remix) by Whitney Houston featuring Faith Evans and Kelly Price
Eliminated: None
188	13	"The Ross Mathews Roast"	April 1, 2022
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens will form two teams and paint a mural of either Dolly Parton or RuPaul. Team Dolly Parton consists of Bosco, Daya Betty, Lady Camden and Willow Pill. Team RuPaul consists of Angeria Paris VanMicheals, DeJa Skye and Jorgeous. Team Dolly Parton wins the mini-challenge, with each queen receiving $1,500 worth of Anastasia Beverly Hills cosmetics. For the main challenge, the queens will have a roast of Ross Mathews.

On the runway, category is Tutu Much. Angeria Paris VanMicheals, Bosco, Lady Camden and Willow Pill receive positive critiques, with Bosco winning the challenge. Daya Betty, DeJa Skye and Jorgeous receive negative critiques, with all three being in the bottom. RuPaul then tells them that only one queen will survive this lip-sync, with the other two getting eliminated. They then lip-sync to "Good 4 U" by Olivia Rodrigo. Daya Betty wins the lip-sync and DeJa Skye and Jorgeous both sashay away.

Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Guest Judge: Dulcé Sloan
Mini-Challenge: In teams, paint a mural of Dolly Parton or RuPaul
Mini-Challenge Winners: Bosco, Daya Betty, Lady Camden and Willow Pill
Mini-Challenge Prize: $1,500 worth of Anastasia Beverly Hills cosmetics
Main Challenge: A roast of Ross Mathews
Runway Theme: Tutu Much
Challenge Winner: Bosco
Main Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip
Bottom Three: Daya Betty, DeJa Skye and Jorgeous
Lip-Sync Song: "Good 4 U" by Olivia Rodrigo
Eliminated: DeJa Skye and Jorgeous
DeJa Skye's Farewell Message: "Embrace the curves. Sistah 4 Life. I <3 u all. Ps do you? - Deja Skye <3"
Jorgeous' Farewell Message: "Success is a journey not a destination. I love you all very much- Gorgeous like Jorgeous <3"
189	14	"Catwalk"	April 8, 2022
For the final challenge of the season, the queens will write, record and perform their own verses to RuPaul's song "Catwalk".

On the runway, category is You're A Winner Baby. Daya Betty and Lady Camden receive positive critiques, with Lady Camden winning the challenge. Angeria Paris VanMicheals, Bosco and Willow Pill receive negative critiques, with Bosco being safe. Angeria Paris VanMicheals and Willow Pill lip-sync to "Telephone" by Lady Gaga ft. Beyoncé. In a shocking outcome, RuPaul saves both queens, leading to a final five finale for the first time ever.

Main Challenge: Write, record and perform their own verses to RuPaul's song "Catwalk"
Runway Theme: You're A Winner Baby
Challenge Winner: Lady Camden
Main Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip
Bottom Two: Angeria Paris VanMicheals and Willow Pill
Lip-Sync Song: "Telephone" by Lady Gaga ft. Beyoncé
Eliminated: None
190	15	"Reunited"	April 15, 2022
RuPaul and the contestants reunite to look back at the season.

Maddy Morphosis receives the Golden Boot Award for her episode six Glamazon Prime look.
191	16	"Grand Finale"	April 22, 2022
For the first time since season 11, all the queens return for the grand finale, in front of a live audience. The final five queens then perform to a song that was written specifically for them. Angeria Paris VanMichaels lip-syncs to "Check My Track Record", Bosco lip-syncs to "Devil", Daya Betty lip-syncs to "Fighter", Lady Camden lip-syncs to "I Fell Down (I Got Up)" and Willow Pill lip-syncs to "I Hate People". After their performances, RuPaul tells the queens that only two queens will be advancing to the final lip-sync of the season. It is announced that the final two queens are Lady Camden and Willow Pill, meaning Angeria Paris VanMichaels, Bosco and Daya Betty are eliminated.

It is then announced that Kornbread "The Snack" Jeté is this year's Miss Congeniality. Lady Camden and Willow Pill then lip-sync to "Gimme! Gimme! Gimme! (A Man After Midnight)" by Cher. It is announced that Willow Pill is the winner, leaving Lady Camden as the runner-up.

Finals venue: Flamingo Las Vegas, Las Vegas, Nevada
Final Five: Angeria Paris VanMichaels, Bosco, Daya Betty, Lady Camden and Willow Pill
Eliminated: Angeria Paris VanMichaels, Bosco and Daya Betty
Miss Congeniality: Kornbread "The Snack" Jeté
Final Two: Lady Camden and Willow Pill
Lip Sync Song: "Gimme! Gimme! Gimme! (A Man After Midnight)" by Cher
Runner-up: Lady Camden
Winner of RuPaul's Drag Race Season Fourteen: Willow Pill

192	1	"One Night Only, Part 1"	January 6, 2023
The first eight queens of the season enter the Werk Room. Ariana Grande enters the Werk Room in Vivacious' season 6 entrance look, nicknamed "Ornacia". For the first mini-challenge, the queens do a car wash themed photoshoot that pays homage to the first mini-challenge of season 1. Irene Dubois wins the mini-challenge.

Meanwhile, the next eight queens enter the Werk Room. Vivacious enters in the same outfit Grande previously wore. For their mini-challenge, the queens do a motorcycle riding themed photoshoot that pays homage to the first mini-challenge of season 2. Loosey LaDuca wins the mini-challenge.

RuPaul brings the two groups together, announcing that, unlike in the premieres of recent seasons, there will be an elimination.

Special Guests: Ariana Grande and Vivacious
Mini-Challenge: Sexy Car Wash and Windy Hog Photoshoots
Mini-Challenge Winners: Irene Dubois and Loosey LaDuca
Mini-Challenge Prize: A $2,500 cash tip
193	2	"One Night Only, Part 2"	January 6, 2023
For the premiere episode's main challenge, the queens must perform in the "One Night Only" talent show. They must also choreograph and perform an ensemble entrance number.

Amethyst – Comedy lipsync
Anetra – Original song lip-sync and taekwondo
Aura Mayari – Hip-hop dance routine
Irene Dubois – Stand-Up comedy
Jax – Lipsync and Gymnastics
Loosey LaDuca – Live singing
Luxx Noir London – Original song lip-sync
Malaysia Babydoll Foxx – Original song lip-sync
Marcia Marcia Marcia – Comedy Ballet
Mistress Isabelle Brooks – Original song lip-sync
Princess Poppy – Original song lip-sync and puppetry
Robin Fierce – Lip-sync
Salina EsTitties – Original song lip-sync
Sasha Colby – Lip-sync
Spice – Original song lip-sync
Sugar – Original song lip-sync
On the runway, category is Who is She?. Anetra, Jax, and Marcia Marcia Marcia receive positive critiques, with Anetra winning the challenge. Amethyst, Irene Dubois and Loosey LaDuca receive negative critiques, with Loosey LaDuca being safe. Amethyst and Irene Dubois lip-sync to "7 Rings" by Ariana Grande. Amethyst wins the lip-sync and Irene Dubois is eliminated.

Guest Judge: Ariana Grande
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Main Challenge: Perform in a talent show
Runway Theme: Who Is She?
Challenge Winner: Anetra
Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip
Bottom Two: Amethyst and Irene Dubois
Lip-Sync Song: "7 Rings" by Ariana Grande
Eliminated: Irene Dubois
Farewell Message: "I Left a Poop in one of Your stations... But WHOMSTS??? 👽 Irene"
194	3	"All Queens Go to Heaven"	January 13, 2023
For this week's main challenge, the queens produce infomercials for their vision of the afterlife in three teams. Anetra, as the winner of the previous challenge, is the first team captain and chooses Luxx Noir London, Sasha Colby, Salina EsTitties and Marcia Marcia Marcia. Amethyst, as the winner of the previous episode's lip-sync, is the second team captain and chooses Loosey LaDuca, Aura Mayari, Spice and Princess Poppy. The remaining queens, Jax, Malaysia Babydoll Foxx, Mistress Isabelle Brooks, Robin Fierce and Sugar, form the third team.

On the runway, category is Metallica. Loosey LaDuca, Luxx Noir London, and Sasha Colby receive positive critiques, with Sasha Colby winning the challenge. Amethyst, Jax, and Princess Poppy receive negative critiques, with Jax being safe. Amethyst and Princess Poppy lip-sync to "Ain't No Mountain High Enough" by Diana Ross. Amethyst wins the lip-sync and Princess Poppy is eliminated.

Guest Judge: Maren Morris
Alternating Judge: Ts Madison
Main Challenge: In teams, write an infomercial for a queer afterlife
Runway Theme: Metallica
Challenge Winner: Sasha Colby
Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip
Bottom Two: Amethyst and Princess Poppy
Lip-Sync Song: "Ain't No Mountain High Enough" by Diana Ross
Eliminated: Princess Poppy
Farewell Message: "[Scribbles]"
195	4	"Supersized Snatch Game"	January 20, 2023
For this week's main challenge, the queens play the Snatch Game in two separate groups. The two groups and the queens' impersonation subjects are as follows:

Group 1

Anetra as Gorgena Ramsay
Luxx Noir London as Amanda Lepore
Malaysia Babydoll Foxx as Saucy Santana
Mistress Isabelle Brooks as Rosie O'Donnell
Marcia Marcia Marcia as Tim Gunn
Robin Fierce as Karen Huger
Salina EsTitties as the Virgin Mary
Group 2

Amethyst as Patricia "Tan Mom" Krentcil
Aura Mayari as Bretman Rock
Jax as Mona Lisa
Loosey LaDuca as Joan Rivers
Sasha Colby as Jan Crouch
Sugar as Trisha Paytas
Spice as Miley Cyrus
On the runway, category is Beautiful Nightmare. Loosey LaDuca, Marcia Marcia Marcia, and Mistress Isabelle Brooks receive positive critiques, with Loosey LaDuca winning the challenge. Aura Mayari, Sugar, and Spice receive negative critiques, with Aura Mayari being declared safe. Sugar and Spice lip-sync to "You Better Run" by Pat Benatar. Spice wins the lip-sync and Sugar is eliminated.

Guest Judge: Amandla Stenberg
Alternating Judge: Carson Kressley
Main Challenge: Snatch Game
Runway Theme: Beautiful Nightmare
Challenge Winner: Loosey LaDuca
Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip
Bottom Two: Spice and Sugar
Lip-Sync Song: "You Better Run" by Pat Benatar
Eliminated: Sugar
Farewell Message: "To Spice, take the crown home you ugly bitch! To my new sisters, I feel your hearts, take care of Spice! Your all sweeter than Sugar will ever be <3"
196	5	"House of Fashion"	January 27, 2023
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens read each other to filth. Loosey LaDuca wins the mini-challenge. For this week's main challenge, the queens, in 3 teams, design and create outfits from materials inspired by three of the show's judges: Team "House of Visage" (Amethyst, Aura Mayari, Luxx Noir London, Mistress Isabelle Brooks and Spice), Team "House of Kressley" (Anetra, Jax, Robin Fierce and Salina EsTitties), and Team "House of Mathews" (Loosey LaDuca, Malaysia Babydoll Foxx, Marcia Marcia Marcia and Sasha Colby).

On the runway, category is Drag Race Fashion Week. Luxx Noir London, Malaysia Babydoll Foxx, Robin Fierce and Sasha Colby receive positive critiques, with Luxx Noir London winning the challenge. Amethyst, Jax and Salina EsTitties receive negative critiques, with Jax being declared safe. Amethyst and Salina EsTitties lip-sync to "Q.U.E.E.N." by Janelle Monáe ft. Erykah Badu. Salina EsTitties wins the lip-sync and Amethyst is eliminated.

Guest Judge: Janelle Monáe
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Mini-Challenge: Reading is Fundamental
Mini-Challenge Winner: Loosey LaDuca
Mini-Challenge Prize: A $2,500 cash tip
Main Challenge: Make and sew outfits inspired by one of the judges in groups
Runway Theme: Drag Race Fashion Week
Challenge Winner: Luxx Noir London
Main Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip
Bottom Two: Amethyst and Salina EsTitties
Lip-Sync Song: "Q.U.E.E.N." by Janelle Monáe ft. Erykah Badu
Eliminated: Amethyst
Farewell Message: "Don't forget about your favorite gem ♡ -Amethyst love you all"
197	6	"Old Friends Gold"	February 3, 2023
For this week's main challenge, the queens write and perform lyrics as old lady girl groups. Luxx Noir London, Marcia Marcia Marcia, Mistress Isabelle Brooks and Salina EsTitties perform a country song. Aura Mayari, Malaysia Babydoll Foxx, Sasha Colby and Spice perform a metal song. Anetra, Jax, Loosey LaDuca and Robin Fierce perform a hip-hop song.

On the runway, category is Tie-Dye to Die For. Aura Mayari, Mistress Isabelle Brooks and Sasha Colby receive positive critiques, with Aura Mayari winning the challenge. Anetra, Jax and Robin Fierce receive negative critiques, with Anetra being safe. Jax and Robin Fierce lip-sync to "In Your Room" by The Bangles. Jax wins the lip-sync and Robin Fierce is eliminated.

Guest Judge: Megan Stalter
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Main Challenge: Write and perform lyrics as old lady girl groups
Runway Theme: Tie-Dye to Die For
Challenge Winner: Aura Mayari
Main Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip
Bottom Two: Jax and Robin Fierce
Lip-Sync Song: "In Your Room" by The Bangles
Eliminated: Robin Fierce
Farewell Message: "Forever a Queen! Forever Fierce! Loosey Slay these Hoes Jax I'm blocking you! LOL JK Love y'all, Robin Fine LMAO"
198	7	"The Daytona Wind 2"	February 10, 2023
For this week's main challenge, the queens act in a sitcom-style reboot of "The Daytona Wind" (with editing referencing Tim and Eric Awesome Show, Great Job!). Aura Mayari, as the winner of the previous challenge, assigns the roles.

Anetra as Cousin Georgie
Aura Mayari as Widow Davenport
Jax as Jackson
Loosey LaDuca as Lizzadene
Luxx Noir London as Leo
Malaysia Babydoll Foxx as The Reverend
Marcia Marcia Marcia as Cousin Dodie
Mistress Isabelle Brooks as Fancy
Salina EsTitties as "Aint" Haddie Ruth
Sasha Colby as Maxie
Spice as Diandra
On the runway, category is Puffa Please. Anetra, Malaysia Babydoll Foxx, Marcia Marcia Marcia and Mistress Isabelle Brooks receive positive critiques, with Mistress Isabelle Brooks winning the challenge. Aura Mayari, Jax and Spice receive negative critiques, with Spice being declared safe. Aura Mayari and Jax lip-sync to "Sweetest Pie" by Megan Thee Stallion and Dua Lipa. Jax wins the lip-sync and Aura Mayari is eliminated.

Special Guest: Danny Trejo
Guest Judge: Harvey Guillén
Alternating Judge: Carson Kressley
Main Challenge: Act in the sitcom reboot of "The Daytona Wind"
Runway Theme: Puffa Please
Challenge Winner: Mistress Isabelle Brooks
Main Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip
Bottom Two: Aura Mayari and Jax
Lip-Sync Song: "Sweetest Pie" by Megan Thee Stallion and Dua Lipa
Eliminated: Aura Mayari
Farewell Message: "I love you all so much! Can't wait to kai-kai after this! ❤️ trade of the season, Aura Mayari 🌙"
199	8	"Lip Sync LaLaPaRuZa Smackdown"	February 17, 2023
This week, the queens participate in a Lip Sync LaLaPaRuZa Smackdown that culminates in an elimination after a series of lip-syncs. For each round, a queen is chosen at random to select her opponent, and her chosen opponent selects the lip-sync song.

First, Malaysia Babydoll Foxx chooses to lip sync against Marcia Marcia Marcia, who chooses "Boys Don't Cry [pt]" by Anitta. Marcia Marcia Marcia wins the lip-sync and is safe, while Malaysia Babydoll Foxx must continue to the next round.

In the second lip-sync, Loosey LaDuca chooses Spice as her opponent, who chooses "Do You Wanna Touch Me" by Joan Jett. Loosey LaDuca wins and is safe. Spice must continue to the next round.

In the third lip-sync, Luxx Noir London chooses Salina EsTitties as her opponent, who chooses "It's All Coming Back to Me Now" by Celine Dion. Salina EsTitties wins and is safe. Luxx Noir London must continue to the next round.

In the fourth lip-sync, Mistress Isabelle Brooks chooses Jax as her opponent, who chooses "Tell It to My Heart" by Taylor Dayne. Mistress Isabelle Brooks wins and is safe. Jax must continue to the next round.

As the last two remaining queens, Anetra and Sasha Colby must lip-sync. Anetra is randomly selected to pick the song and chooses "I'm in Love with a Monster" by Fifth Harmony. Sasha Colby wins and is safe. Anetra must continue to the next round.

In the first lip-sync of the second round, Malaysia Babydoll Foxx chooses Spice as her opponent, who chooses "Don't Go Yet" by Camila Cabello. Malaysia Babydoll Foxx wins and is safe, while Spice must continue to the final round.

In the second lip-sync of the second round, the three remaining queens, Anetra, Jax, and Luxx Noir London, must lip-sync to the remaining song, "The Right Stuff" by Vanessa Williams. Luxx Noir London wins and is safe, while Anetra and Jax must continue to the final round.

Before the final round, RuPaul reveals a twist: one of the remaining queens will be selected at random and that queen must choose one of the other two queens to save without having to lip sync. Anetra is selected, and she saves Spice. Thus, Anetra and Jax lip sync to "Finally" by CeCe Peniston. Anetra wins and Jax is eliminated.

Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Main Challenge: Participate in a Lip Sync LaLaPaRuZa Smackdown
Lip-Sync Songs: "Boys Don't Cry [pt]" by Anitta, "Do You Wanna Touch Me" by Joan Jett, "It's All Coming Back to Me Now" by Celine Dion, "Tell It to My Heart" by Taylor Dayne, "I'm in Love with a Monster" by Fifth Harmony, "Don't Go Yet" by Camila Cabello, "The Right Stuff" by Vanessa Williams and "Finally" by CeCe Peniston
Lip-Sync Winners: Marcia Marcia Marcia, Loosey LaDuca, Salina EsTitties, Mistress Isabelle Brooks, Sasha Colby, Malaysia Babydoll Foxx, Luxx Noir London and Anetra
Bottom Two: Anetra and Jax
Eliminated: Jax
Farewell Message: "To my forever sisters! I Love you all and can not wait to see you on the road. TOP TEN FOREVER XOXO JAX - P.S Anetra I'll get you back"
200	9	"The Crystal Ball"	February 24, 2023
For this week's mini-challenge, in honor of the show's 200th episode, the queens photo-bomb classic Drag Race moments. Anetra wins the mini-challenge. For the main challenge, the queens walk the Crystal Ball, presenting two looks brought from home and one made in the work room. Categories are Start Your Engines, an homage to RuPaul's racing look in the show's title sequence; My Favorite Ball, a reference to a previous ball challenge of each queen's choosing; and Crystallized Eleganza.

On the main stage, RuPaul performs "Cake and Candy" to celebrate the 200th episode. Anetra, Mistress Isabelle Brooks, and Sasha Colby receive positive critiques. Sasha Colby wins the challenge. Loosey LaDuca, Salina EsTitties, and Spice receive negative critiques. Loosey LaDuca is safe. Salina EsTitties and Spice lipsync to "Thats What I Want" by Lil Nas X. Salina EsTitties wins the lipsync and Spice is eliminated.

Guest Judge: Julia Garner
Alternating Judge: Carson Kressley
Mini-Challenge: Photobomb classic Drag Race moments
Mini-Challenge Winner: Anetra
Mini-Challenge Prize: A $2,500 cash tip
Main Challenge: Walk the Crystal Ball
Runway Themes: Start Your Engines, My Favorite Ball, and Crystallized Eleganza
Challenge Winner: Sasha Colby
Main Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip
Bottom Two: Salina EsTitties and Spice
Lip-Sync Song: "Thats What I Want" by Lil Nas X
Eliminated: Spice
Farewell Message: "It's been SO easy and SO FUN! Thank you for being my new sisters when my real one left me!!!! ps. Where does the dingaling go ? <3 Spice"
201	10	"50/50's Most Gagworthy Stars"	March 3, 2023
For this week's main challenge, the queens interview celebrities. Luxx Noir London, Mistress Isabelle Brooks, and Salina EsTitties interview Love Connie; Marcia Marcia Marcia and Sasha Colby interview Charo; and Anetra, Loosey LaDuca, and Malaysia Babydoll Foxx interview Frankie Grande.

On the runway, category is Night of 1,000 Beyoncés. Loosey LaDuca, Luxx Noir London, and Sasha Colby receive positive critiques. Sasha Colby wins the challenge. Malaysia Babydoll Foxx, Mistress Isabelle Brooks, and Salina EsTitties receive negative critiques. Mistress Isabelle Brooks is safe. Malaysia Babydoll Foxx and Salina EsTitties lipsync to "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)". Salina EsTitties wins the lipsync and Malaysia Babydoll Foxx is eliminated.

Special Guests: Charo, Frankie Grande, Love Connie
Alternating Judge: Ts Madison
Main Challenge: Interview celebrities for 50/50
Runway Theme: Night of 1,000 Beyoncés
Challenge Winner: Sasha Colby
Main Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip
Bottom Two: Malaysia Babydoll Foxx and Salina EsTitties
Lip-Sync Song: "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)" by Beyoncé
Eliminated: Malaysia Babydoll Foxx
Farewell Message: "Remain Humble. The phattest and & baddest from Miami. Malaysia Babydoll Foxx"
202	11	"Two Queens, One Joke"	March 10, 2023
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens dance in a Harlem–style vogue ball. Anetra wins the mini-challenge. For this week's main challenge, the queens perform comedy routines in pairs in the Bubly Comedy Festival. The pairs consist of Loosey LaDuca and Luxx Noir London, Anetra and Sasha Colby, Mistress Isabelle Brooks and Salina EsTitties; Marcia Marcia Marcia performs alone.

On the runway, category is Rip Her to Shreads. Loosey LaDuca, Luxx Noir London, Mistress Isabelle Brooks, and Salina EsTitties receive positive critiques. Loosey LaDuca and Luxx Noir London win the challenge. Anetra, Marcia Marcia Marcia, and Sasha Colby receive negative critiques. Sasha Colby is safe. Anetra and Marcia Marcia Marcia lipsync to "Boss Bitch". Anetra wins the lipsync and Marcia Marcia Marcia is eliminated.

Guest Judge: Ali Wong
Alternating Judge: Ts Madison
Mini-Challenge: Harlem Vogue Ball
Mini-Challenge Winner: Anetra
Mini-Challenge Prize: A $2,500 cash tip
Main Challenge: Perform comedy in the Bubly Comedy Festival
Runway Theme: Rip Her to Shreds
Challenge Winners: Loosey LaDuca and Luxx Noir London
Main Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip each
Bottom Two: Anetra and Marcia Marcia Marcia
Lip-Sync Song: "Boss Bitch" by Doja Cat
Eliminated: Marcia Marcia Marcia
Farewell Message: "You know what they say : "There's no place like home" I love you! Marcia x3"
203	12	"Wigloose: The Rusical!"	March 17, 2023
For this week's main challenge, the queens perform in Wigloose: The Rusical!, inspired by Footloose.

Salina EsTitties plays Tuck
Loosey LaDuca plays Heaven Bacon
Luxx Noir London plays Christian
Anetra plays Mama Bacon
Sasha Colby plays Carl
Mistress Isabelle Brooks plays Preacher Teacher
On the runway, category is Everybody Say Glove. After the judges' critiques, RuPaul asks the queens who should be eliminated and why. They answer:

Loosey LaDuca says Salina EsTitties
Anetra says Salina EsTitties
Mistress Isabelle Brooks says Sasha Colby
Luxx Noir London says Loosey LaDuca
Salina EsTitties says Loosey LaDuca
Sasha Colby says Luxx Noir London and Loosey LaDuca.
Anetra wins the challenge. Loosey LaDuca and Salina EsTitties are the bottom two and lipsync to "Running Up That Hill" by Kate Bush. Loosey LaDuca wins the lipsync and Salina EsTitties is eliminated.

Guest Judge: Orville Peck
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Main Challenge: Wigloose: The Rusical!
Runway Theme: Everybody Say Glove!
Challenge Winner: Anetra
Main Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip
Bottom Two: Loosey LaDuca and Salina EsTitties
Lip-Sync Song: "Running Up That Hill" by Kate Bush
Eliminated: Salina EsTitties
Farewell Message: "Guess I Got What I "Deserved" ♡ Love You Hoes"
204	13	"Teacher Makeovers"	March 24, 2023
For this week's mini-challenge, the queens vote in a series of uncomfortable questions. Loosey LaDuca wins the mini-challenge. For this week's main challenge, the queens give school teachers drag makeovers. As the winner of the mini-challenge, Loosey LaDuca assigns the teachers to the queens.

On the runway, category is Drag Family Resemblance. Anetra, Mistress Isabelle Brooks, and Sasha Colby receive positive critiques. Anetra wins the challenge. Loosey LaDuca and Luxx Noir London are the bottom two and lip-sync to "For the Girls" by Hayley Kiyoko. Luxx Noir London wins the lipsync and Loosey LaDuca is eliminated.

Guest Judge: Hayley Kiyoko
Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Mini-Challenge: Spill The T
Mini-Challenge Winner: Loosey LaDuca
Mini-Challenge Prize: $5,000 worth of Anastasia Beverly Hills Cosmetics
Main Challenge: Makeover school teachers for Teacher Appreciation Week
Challenge Winner: Anetra
Main Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip each for Anetra and her makeover subject Alektra
Bottom Two: Loosey LaDuca and Luxx Noir London
Lip-Sync Song: "For the Girls" by Hayley Kiyoko
Eliminated: Loosey LaDuca
Farewell Message: "Das fucked up! Love you hookers. Don't forget to Let Loose! xoxo Loosey."
205	14	"Blame It on the Edit"	March 31, 2023
For the final challenge of the season, the queens write, record and perform their own verses to RuPaul's song "Blame It on the Edit".

On the runway, category is Drag Excellence. Luxx Noir London and Sasha Colby receive positive critiques. Sasha Colby wins the challenge. Anetra and Mistress Isabelle Brooks are the bottom two and lip-sync to "When Love Takes Over" by David Guetta ft. Kelly Rowland. RuPaul saves both queens, so the entire top four advances to the finale.

Alternating Judge: Ross Mathews
Main Challenge: Write, record and perform verses to RuPaul's song "Blame It on the Edit"
Runway Theme: Drag Excellence
Challenge Winner: Sasha Colby
Main Challenge Prize: A $5,000 cash tip
Bottom Two: Anetra and Mistress Isabelle Brooks
Lip-Sync Song: "When Love Takes Over" by David Guetta ft. Kelly Rowland
Eliminated: None
206	15	"Reunited!"	April 7, 2023
RuPaul and the contestants reunite to look back at the season.

Salina EsTitties receives the Golden Boot Award for her episode three Metallica look.
207	16	"Grand Finale"	April 14, 2023
The final four queens each perform to a song that was written specifically for them: Anetra lip-syncs to "Lotus", Luxx Noir London lip-syncs to "It's Giving Fashion", Mistress Isabelle Brooks lip-syncs to "Delusion", and Sasha Colby lip-syncs to "Goddess". Afterwards it is announced that the final two queens are Anetra and Sasha Colby, meaning Luxx Noir London and Mistress Isabelle Brooks are eliminated. Also during the finale:

Bob Mackie is awarded the inaugural "Giving Us Life-time Achievement Award"
Orville Peck, Leland, and the eliminated queens of the season perform a number from Wigloose: The Rusical! in protest of recent drag bans in the United States
Malaysia Babydoll Foxx is named as the season's Miss Congeniality
"Queen of All Queens" Jinkx Monsoon performs "When You're Good to Mama" in celebration of their recent role as Matron "Mama" Morton in the Broadway production of Chicago
In the final event of the night Anetra and Sasha Colby lip-sync to "Knock on Wood" by Amii Stewart. It is then announced that Sasha Colby is the winner, leaving Anetra as the runner-up.

Finals venue: Ace Hotel, Los Angeles, California
Final Four: Anetra, Luxx Noir London, Mistress Isabelle Brooks, and Sasha Colby
Eliminated: Luxx Noir London and Mistress Isabelle Brooks
Miss Congeniality: Malaysia Babydoll Foxx
Final Two: Anetra and Sasha Colby
Lip Sync Song: "Knock on Wood" by Amii Stewart
Runner-up: Anetra
Winner of RuPaul's Drag Race Season Fifteen: Sasha Colby
